After appropriate preparation, first adjust the glottic plane with a YES tube so that the anterior commissure can also be seen from the outside by applying pressure to the larynx. This is only affected on the left side with a CIS. The tumor extension is made more difficult by the slightly overhanging supraglottis, so that a narrow strip of supraglottis is first removed by laser surgery. The tumor is then resected starting at the anterior commissure. The periosteum is exposed at the front and the altered vocal fold area is detached in a healthy layer. Extend the laser resection laterally as far as necessary so that healthy tissue can always be prepared or resected by laser surgery. The first part of the tumor covers the anterior third of the right vocal fold. In this way, the tumor is successively resected from its lateral attachment site so that it is mobile enough to also overlook the caudal part and then resected with an appropriate safety margin. Subsequently, marginal incisions are made supraglottically, subglottically and in the area of the anterior commissure. In the area of the anterior commissure, the tissue is unrepresentative or severely thermally altered. However, resection at this site shows no evidence of tumor. The tumor is then further developed dorsally. To do this, switch to the Kleinsasser B-tube. This time the resection extends to the vocal process, which is also partially removed. Here too, marginal sections are first taken from the resection margin, all of which prove to be free of tumor on frozen section histology. The remaining tumor parts on the arytenoid cartilage are then resected with an appropriate safety margin. The tube is repeatedly loaded onto the Kleinsasser B or C tube so that the tumor can also be resected medially in the area of the posterior commissure with an appropriate safety margin. In this way, tumor resection with partial removal of the right arytenoid cartilage is ultimately successful. The marginal incisions from this area also proved to be tumor-free on frozen section histology. In summary, an R0 resection can therefore be assumed. Finally, careful hemostasis by monopolar coagulation. Removal of the instruments without tooth damage and transfer of the patient to anesthesia. Conclusion: Transoral laser-surgical partial laryngeal resection for right cT2 glottic laryngeal carcinoma. All incisions were tumor-free on frozen section histology. Control panendoscopy in 8 weeks.