First, the patient is induced anesthesia and transoral endotracheal intubation using a laser tube by the anesthesia colleagues. Positioning of the patient by the surgeon. First, laryngoscopy is performed and an attempt is made to adjust the findings. Unfortunately, this was not successful. The decision is therefore made to reorganize the findings in the sense of a partial laryngectomy according to Leroux Robert. Skin spray disinfection, application of local anesthesia in a skin fold at the level of the thyroid cartilage. Skin ablation, sterile draping. Creation of an approx. 6 mm long incision in this skin fold. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue and platysma. Formation of a subplatysmal flap cranially and caudally. Exposure and transection of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline. Undermining and ligation of some branches of the anterior jugular vein. Exposure of the cricothyroid cartilage and the cricoid cartilage. Scalpel incision along the thyroid vein. Separation of the perichondrium from the thyroid cartilage, horizontal incision of the cricothyroid vein using a monopolar needle. Median thyroidectomy using a small wire. Opening of the laryngeal lumen and inspection of the findings. Exophytic mass in the area of the anterior third of the left vocal fold and in the area of the anterior commissure. The findings were incised using scissors and 3 marginal samples were sent for intraoperative frozen section examination (left glottis, left subglottis, anterior commissure). Tiny CIS fragments were found in the left glottis margin specimen by the pathology colleague, thus resection in this region. A resection specimen is taken, which is sent for final histology and a second left glottis margin specimen is taken, which is sent for intraoperative frozen section examination. This time the pathology colleague found it to be tumor-free. Thus hemostasis endolaryngeal. Fitting of a size 16 Keel placeholder after drilling holes in the thyroid cartilage. Adjustment of the perichondrium leaves of the thyroid cartilage in the midline. The prelaryngeal musculature is sutured together in the midline. Creation of a flap, prelaryngeal platysma suture. Single button skin suture. Application of a pressure bandage, completion of the procedure without complications. Please plan control MLE and Keel removal in 6 weeks. The patient received intraoperative Clindamy-cin 600 mg intravenously. Please continue antibiotics 4 x daily for the next 7 days.