After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleague, the patient is repositioned by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Insertion of several moist compresses to protect the oral structures in edentulous status. Insertion of the size B small ear canal into the larynx and visualization of the glottic plane. Acquisition of <CLINICIAN_NAME>. This showed a clinically glottic carcinoma (cT1b), predominantly on the left, comprising the middle and anterior third of the vocal fold on the left, anterior commissure and up to 2 mm anterior 1/3 of the vocal fold on the right. Questionable infiltration of the sinus morgagni on the left side. Then reintubation by the anesthesia colleague in preparation for laser resection. Repositioning with the size B Kleinsasser tube. Now marking of the laser resection from the inside using a CO2 laser. Marking is performed approx. 0.5 cm from the tumor margins. This is followed by laser resection using a CO2 laser in superpulse mode with 6.0 watts. Start of the resection from the back. The resection is performed from the adenoid on the left and the aryepiglottic fold to the front and caudally. Resection through all layers up to the thyroid lamina and inner perichondrium. The posterior resection is extended approx. 6 to 7 mm subglottically. After identification of the inner perichondrium, the complete pocket fold and vocal fold on the left are lasered off. Further preparation until identification of the ligamentum broyle to the front. Then transition via anterior commissure superglottic right. Approx. 0.5 cm of the anterior commissure is removed here. The laser resection is extended anteriorly approx. 3-4 mm subglottically. The entire preparation is removed in toto. Then 2 marginal samples are taken: 1) caudal sample, 2) anterior commissure. All 3 specimens are marked and sent for histologic frozen section examination. During the waiting period, hemostasis is performed using suprarenin-soaked swabs. Removal of the Kleinsasser tube and preparation for tracheostomy. Then positioning of the patient in a slightly hyperextended head position by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Skin disinfection. Local infiltration anesthesia with approx. 4.5 ml mixed solution of Suprarenin and Ultracaine. Sterile rinsing and covering. Make a skin incision measuring up to 3 cm horizontally between the cricoid cartilage and the jugulum. Sharp cutting of the skin, the subcutaneous fatty tissue and the platysma. Identification of the midline and linea alba. Separation of the infrahyoid muscles. Visualization of the thyroid isthmus. Undermining and mobilization of the thyroid isthmus cranially. Exposure of the middle cervical fascia. An opening of the trachea between the 3rd and 4th tracheal cartilage in the sense of a visor tracheotomy is performed. The tracheal edges are fixed with several sutures to the lower and upper skin. Insertion of a size 8 tracheal cannula. In the meantime, the results are communicated by the pathology colleague. Anterior commissure and caudal margin to the subglottis are described as tumor-free. Questionable infiltration towards the back. Acceptance of <CLINICIAN_NAME>. A resection is performed in the area of the arytaenoid. Two strips of tissue are removed here. The first is removed from the arytenoid caudally and anteriorly practically up to the anterior commissure. The second is taken from the area of the middle arythenoid on the left. Both samples are sent for final histology. Hemostasis using monopolar coagulation and suprarenin-soaked swabs. End of the surgical procedure without complications. The patient is handed over to the anesthesia colleagues. Conclusion: Endoscopic transoral laser resection for a cT1b (predominantly left) glottic carcinoma. Additional temporary tracheostomy. Intraoperative frozen section diagnosis is described as tumor-free in the anterior commissure and subglottic area. In case of questionable infiltrations in the area of the arytaenoid, 2 marginal samples are taken. Please leave the blockable cannula in place for 5 days. Decannulation should be considered depending on the course of the procedure. Diet build-up from the 1st postoperative day. If there is significant clinical swallowing, a nasogastric tube should be inserted. Cannula change possible from the 2nd postoperative day. Further procedure after receipt of the histology.