After appropriate preparation, transoral laser surgical tumor resection is performed first. After positioning the larynx with the Weerda laryngoscope, the epiglottis is first cut at the transition from the lateral to the medial third and followed into the vallecula at an appropriate safety distance from the tumor. The tumor is then removed caudally and medially from the upper edge of the arytenoid cartilage, which is exposed in its upper third. The tumor is then resected dorsally along the supraglottis. Resection then begins from the lateral hypopharyngeal wall with an appropriate safety distance to the tumor. The resection is then continued cranially in the direction of the vallecula and joined with the incision from the base of the epiglottis. Finally, the tumor is also completely removed caudally, leaving out the tip of the piriform sinus. The specimen is then thread-marked and mounted on cork and sent to the pathology department for frozen section histology. Here, all marginal incisions as well as the one incision from the base of the tumor are found to be tumor-free. Finally, careful hemostasis by monopolar coagulation in the resection area. This involved clipping a small arterial branch in the lateral pharyngeal wall. Now insertion of a gastric tube under visualization, the correct position of which is also checked and confirmed by auscultation. Then transition to neck dissection on the right side. After a skin incision in the area of the front edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, regions II to V are successively removed. All non-lymphatic structures are spared and remain intact. Once the neck dissection preparation has been removed, careful hemostasis is performed. Insertion of a Redon suction drain. Two-layer wound closure. Subsequent transition to the left side. Similar procedure here. Here too, regions II to V are successively evacuated while preserving all non-lymphatic structures. There is no indication of a lymph node metastasis. Insertion of a Redon suction drain and subsequent wound closure. The surgical site was then checked. This revealed the now quite large resection area on the left side. The decision was therefore made to perform a protective tracheostomy. A transverse skin incision about 3 cm long was made and the linea alba was dissected. Dissection of the straight neck muscles with exposure of the thyroid isthmus. This is passed under the pretracheal lamina, clamped and stitched around. This exposes the upper trachea. Entrance between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal clasp in the sense of a visual tracheostomy. Placement of 2 upper and 2 lower sutures for the mucocutaneous anastomosis. Subsequently, the patient was reintubated onto an 8-gauge tracheostomy tube without any problems. Sterile wound dressing. Transfer of the patient to anesthesia. Conclusion: Transoral laser-surgical partial laryngeal/pharyngeal resection for a carcinoma of the aryepiglottic fold. Selective neck dissection of regions II to V on both sides. Insertion of a plastic tracheostoma and a transnasal feeding tube.