The patient has an externally confirmed squamous cell carcinoma of the right vocal fold. Mirror endoscopy revealed an exophytic protrusion in the area of the entire right vocal fold. No vocal fold stagnation, inspectorically no involvement of the arytenoid region. Ventrally, the mass approaches the anterior commissure. Transfer of the patient to the operating room and preliminary consultation with the anesthesia colleagues. Induction of intubation anesthesia by the colleagues and rigid 0° tracheoscopy by the surgeon. No abnormalities here. The gastroscopy is now performed with the flexible instrument in the usual manner without any abnormalities. Inspection of the hypopharynx after inserting the mouth guard and entering with the small bore tube. The piriform sinus can be freely unfolded on both sides and is free of masses, as are the postcricoid region, the supraglottis and the base of the tongue. Now charge the epiglottis and inspect the glottis. This reveals a clear exophytic mass in the area of the right vocal fold, which extends to the anterior commissure. The tumor did not spread to the left vocal fold. The tumor is now positioned in the area of the anterior commissure and carefully loosened with the CO2 laser. The tumor is successively pulled mediodorsally so that the resection is performed directly on the thyroid cartilage. Now also inspect the postcricoid region, after moving the small bore tube and the support autoscopy, detach from the vocal process, taking it with you, and medialize the tumour with the double spoon. Now detach the lateral border in the direction of the morgue sinus. Macroscopically, the tumor can be safely laser resected at a distance of at least 5 mm. After complete removal, even after cutting through the mucosa in the subglottic area, a safe tumor resection has been performed macroscopically. The tumor is marked with sutures and sent for frozen section diagnostics. This reveals a margin-forming tumor with involvement in the area of the lateral resection margin towards the morgue sinus. Inclusion of <CLINICIAN_NAME> and renewed resection of the remaining structures in the area of the morgue sinus. The thyroid cartilage is now completely exposed. After resubmission of the specimen obtained for frozen section histological assessment, no further tumor infestation was found. An R0 resection can therefore be assumed. Subtle hemostasis using a monopolar aspirator and waiting until there is no more blood (approx. 1 hour during the frozen section break). Shortly before the end of the operation, re-inspection with the small water tube, no further bleeding. Summary: Laser resection of a T1a glottic carcinoma on the right side, in frozen section R0. Please await the final histopathological assessment and case discussion in the interdisciplinary tumor conference. A control panendoscopy should be performed in 6-8 weeks.