Introductory consultation with the anesthesia department. Identification of the patient. Insertion of the Jennings retractor and re-inspection of the tumorous mass. This can be seen on the right side at the transition from the soft palate to the hard palate, but crossing the midline. The tumorous mass is then carefully excised using bipolar coagulation. Here, sufficient attention is paid to a safe distance so that a large part of the mucosa and submucosal tissue is removed from the hard palate, the bone is exposed at this point, taking the soft palate with it. After careful hemostasis, marginal samples are taken. These are submitted for frozen section diagnostics. The patient is then repositioned for neck dissection on both sides. Start on the right side. Repeated cervical skin spray disinfection on both sides and infiltration anesthesia. Skin wipe disinfection and sterile draping. Skin incision on the right side cranially behind the mastoid, anteriorly over the sternocleidomastoid muscle, which ends at the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. The sternocleidomastoid muscle is shown here. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath and dissection of the internal jugular vein, the common carotid artery, the bifurcation as well as the external and internal carotid artery. Exposure and sparing of the vagus nerve and the accessorius nerve. Displacement and, at the end of the operation, re-embedding of the vagus nerve and accessorius nerve in the sense of a neurolysis. Exposure of the posterior digastric venter muscle. Exposure of the hypoglossal nerve and protection of the same. Displacement and, at the end of the operation, re-embedding of the nerve in the sense of a neurolysis. Development of the lateral neck preparation while sparing all the structures mentioned. The same applies to the median neck preparation. Exposure of the submandibular gland. Strict care is taken not to interrupt the venous ..............................der ............................. flow. Complete evacuation of levels II to V. Careful hemostasis and insertion of a Redon drainage. Subcutaneous suture and skin suture. Application of a pressure bandage. Moving to the opposite side. Also mark the planned incision here. Sharp cutting of the cutis and subcutis. Expose the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure and protection of the auricularis magnus nerve. Displacement and, at the end of the operation, re-embedding of the auricularis magnus nerve in the sense of a neurolysis. Turning to the cervical vascular sheath. Exposure of the internal jugular vein and the common carotid artery, the bifurcation and the internal and external carotid artery. Exposure of the posterior digastric venter muscle. Exposure and dissection of the submandibular gland. Exposure of the hypoglossal nerve and protection of the same. Displacement and, at the end of the operation, re-embedding of the nerve in the sense of a neurolysis. Here, too, the region II to V is completely evacuated at the end. At the end of the operation, careful hemostasis and insertion of a 10 Redon drain. Subcutaneous suture and skin suture. Application of a pressure bandage. The marginal samples were found to be tumor-free during frozen section diagnostics, so that the reattachment of the oral retractor was carried out at the end of the procedure. Another careful wound inspection. If the wound is dry, the procedure is completed. Final consultation with the anesthetist. Conclusion: Overall complication-free excision of a cT2 tumorous mass of the soft and hard palate on the right side with midline crossing and problem-free neck dissection on both sides. The further procedure should be planned after receipt of the final histology.