Transfer of the patient to the central OR (room 13). Introductory consultation with the anesthesia colleagues and induction of intubation anesthesia by the colleagues. Intubation with an 8 mm Woodbridge tube. Start of the operation using flexible gastroesophagoscopy by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Careful advancement into the stomach and air insufflation. Attempt to perform a diaphanoscopy, which is unsuccessful. Now aspiration of air and careful reflection back through the esophagus during air insufflation. Conclusion: Due to the negative diaphanoscopy, a PEG is dispensed with. The tumor is now positioned with the Kleinsasser tube size C. An ulcerative mass is seen in the area of the right oropharyngeal side wall, which merges into the right-sided base of the tongue. This mass extends cranially to the anterior palatal arch. The other mucosal areas are not suspicious. Now insertion of the Tors mouth retractor. Exposure of the tumor and docking of the robotic arms in the usual manner. The 0° optics are used. Now start the tumor incision after consulting the resection margins with <CLINICIAN_NAME>. The tumor is removed at the cranial margin with sufficient safety distance (over 1 cm) in the area of the anterior palatal arch. Careful medialization of the tumour specimen and dissection using electrocoagulation in the parapharyngeal musculature. Constant attention is paid to maintaining a sufficient safety distance from the tumor. The parapharyngeal fat is visible laterally. Now also resection in the area of the base of the tongue with sufficient safety distance. The tumor resectate can now also be detached from the posterior wall of the oropharynx. Suture marking of the specimen and sending in for frozen section diagnostics as well as generous resection in the area of the anterior palatal arch from the parauvular to the alveolar ridge. Both specimens are thread- and needle-marked on a cork plate for histologic frozen section examination. After consultation with the pathologist, the main specimen showed an R0 resection in the cranial direction (parauvularly only just in the healthy area), and the resected specimen showed no further tumor cells. Conclusion: An R0 situation can now definitely be assumed with a wide safety margin on all sides. Subtle hemostasis is performed using bipolar coagulation forceps. As there is no major bleeding, a protective tracheostomy is not performed. The operation was completed without complications. Summary: Enoral robot-assisted tumor resection of a T2 N1 oropharyngeal carcinoma on the right side with R0 resection confirmed by frozen section diagnostics. Due to a negative diaphanoscopy, a PEG had to be omitted.