After an introductory consultation with the anesthesia colleagues, first injection of local anesthetic with adrenaline prelaryngeally. Then zigzag-shaped skin incision and layered preparation in depth. Separation of the prelaryngeal muscles after ligation of some larger veins. Exposure of the laryngeal skeleton. Patial transection of the thyroid isthmus. Then transverse incision of the ligamentum conicum. Afterwards, the thyrofissure is cut with a saw. Opening of the larynx in the median line. Insertion of the retractors. The tumor can be exposed very well and reaches the anterior commissure. The tumor is now detached from the left vocal cord at the anterior commissure. Here, a marginal sample is taken, which is then assessed as tumor-free in a frozen section during the operation. Then further resection of the tumor on the right side. To do this, undermine the endolaryngeal perichondrium. This is then pushed off from the front. The tumor is incised on all sides with a safety margin of approx. 3 mm and can finally be completely resected with partial preservation of the vocalis muscle. The tumor is removed at the dorsal margin immediately in front of the vocalis process of the arytenoid cartilage. Now suture mark the specimen. As the specimen does not show a smooth wound margin at the caudal margin, an additional marginal sample is taken from the subglottal slope. The specimen and this marginal sample are also sent for frozen section diagnostics and are found to be tumor-free during the operation. Subsequent subtle hemostasis. Then, with dry wound conditions, closure of the thyrofissure with single button sutures after prior creation of a total of four drill holes. Then closure of the ligamentum conicum with single button sutures. Closure of the prelaryngeal muscles in the median line after insertion of a wound flap. Then two-layer wound closure and application of a pressure dressing. After a final consultation with the anesthesia colleagues, the patient can then be extubated without any problems.