Active patient identification first. Carrying out the team time-out. Induction of anesthesia by anesthesia colleagues. Intubation via GlideScope, followed by pharyngoscopy and laryngoscopy using a size D Kleinsasser tube. The main tumor mass is seen in the anterior third of the right vocal fold with slight extension into the right morgue sinus, there is no infiltration of the pocket folds on the right, caudal extension of approx. 0.5 to 1 cm towards the subglottic area, anterior infiltration of the anterior commissure can only be seen using the scope and infiltration of the left vocal fold to approx. the middle, here strictly glottic growth without supra- or subglottic extension. Due to the poor adjustability, confirmation of the indication for transcervical partial laryngectomy. Positioning, skin spray disinfection, application of 6 ml xylocaine with added adrenaline in the area of a skin fold at the level of the thyroid cartilage. Abjode and cover sterilely. Creation of an approx. 4 cm long skin incision horizontally cutting through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Creation of a subplatysmal skin flap cranially and caudally up to the level of the thyroid incisura and the cricoid cartilage. Exposure of the prelaryngeal musculature, splitting of the same in the linea alba. Exposure of the crycothyroid membrane and the ligamentum conicum. Incision of the perichondrium in the midline and removal of cartilage laterally on both sides. Then horizontal incision of the ligamentum conicum and opening of the laryngeal lumen subglottically. Paramedian thyrotomy in the midline using a wheel and opening of the laryngeal lumen at the supraglottic level. Inspection of the findings from the cranial side and subsequent subperichondral dissection on the left side, including the endochondrium of the thyroid cartilage. Cut around the tumor specimen on the left side with sufficient safety distance macroscopically in sano supra- and subglottic and place posteriorly in the direction of the vocal process on approx. 1/2 length of the vocal fold. The preparation is marked with a suture and placed in the midline, meticulous hemostasis by bipolar coagulation. If the blood is dry, turn to the opposite side. Here also subperichondral dissection as far as subglottic and cranial to the beginning of the pocket crease. Subglottic and supraglottic dissection macroscopically in sano and posterior dissection taking the vocalis muscle towards the depth and posterior dissection at the vocal process, sparing the arytenoid cartilage. Now take 8 marginal samples in all directions, all marginal samples are found to be tumor-free by the pathology colleagues during the frozen section examination. Hemostasis in the resection area. Subsequent creation of 4 drill holes on the thyroid cartilage, insertion and suturing of a Keel in the midline, fixation of the Keel and adaptation of the cartilage surfaces using Vicryl 3-0 sutures. Subsequent suture adaptation of the ligamentum conicum, folding back the perichondrium leaves over the Keel. Creation of a prelaryngeal flap, suture adaptation of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline in 2 layers. Subcutaneous suture and single button skin suture, application of a pressure bandage and completion of the procedure without complications. The patient received preoperative single shot antibiotics with ceftriaxone 2 g intravenously. Conclusion: Frontolateral partial laryngectomy according to Leroux-Robert for cT2 cN0 glottic laryngeal carcinoma, right-sided, in the frozen section examination and macroscopically in sano. Please note final histology. Vocal rest recommended for 5 days. Please plan control MLE and Keel removal in 6-8 weeks.