After induction of intubation anesthesia, a second panendoscopy is performed. This reveals an exophytic tumor that infiltrates parauvularly from the anterior palatal arch into the tonsil, where it reaches close to the last molar and from there merges into the glossoalveolar groove. From there it infiltrates further into the base of the tongue and the upper edge of the hypopharynx. In the CT scan, it does not appear to be a strong tumor extension towards the vascular sheath, but rather a largely superficial growth. After extensive inspection, the possibility of resection using TORS is confirmed with overall good adjustability and good mouth opening of the patient. Insertion of the mouth retractor and good exposure of the tumor. After docking the patient cart of the robot, insertion of the instruments. Maryland forceps are used on the left and a monopolar spatula with a diameter of 8 mm is used on the right. First mark the resection margins using the monopolar spatula. The incision begins parauvularly. The resection is performed successively with a safety margin of about 5-10 mm in the extension described above. Part of the posterior palatal arch can be preserved so that the patient can swallow without regurgitation. The resectate can be removed en bloc together with the part of the base of the tongue and the orohypoharyngeal junction. The resection is carried out laterally into the parapharyngeal fatty tissue. The vessels of the cervical vascular sheath remain well covered by tissue. Overall, no major bleeding during the entire course of the operation. After the tumor is removed en bloc, first meticulous hemostasis. Careful inspection of the specimen. The tumor appears macroscopically distant from the healthy tissue. Therefore, marginal samples are now taken from the tumor specimen. These are sent in for frozen section diagnostics and assessed intraoperatively as tumor-free by the pathologist. This therefore appears to be an R0 resection of the specimen. The tumor specimen is thread-marked for final histopathological evaluation. Another intensive intraoperative check of the findings. Due to the exposed parapharyngeal fatty tissue, it is decided to perform the neck dissection on both sides in order to prevent fistula formation. Due to the fact that the patient was very easy to intubate and there was no serious bleeding during the entire course of the operation, it was decided not to perform a tracheostomy on the patient for the time being. Instead, the patient should be monitored in the intensive care unit for at least 3-4 days postoperatively. Subsequently, planning of neck dissection on both sides and, if necessary, adjuvant therapy in the tumor conference.