Insertion of the oral spatula according to McIvor. Exposure of the tumor. The position of the tumor is shown, which grows from the soft palate in the cranial area and upper tonsil area towards the alveolar ridge and hard palate. First, the tumor is cut around the mucosal area with a safety margin of at least 1 cm in all areas. Resection includes the entire tonsil, anterior palatal arch, mucosa of the alveolar ridge and lower anterior parts of the buccal mucosa. The posterior molar is located at the tumor margins. It is therefore removed. The tumor extends to the alveolar ridge. Push off the bone here. Further removal of the tumor also basally. This is successful in the area of the tonsil or pharyngeal wall. In the area of the pterygoid muscles and the ascending mandibular branch, the tumor grows in depth. This reaches the ascending mandibular branch and clearly erodes it. Further displacement of the tumor from the bone. The inferior alveolar nerve is also infiltrated in the tumor and is removed. Tumor preparation is removed. Suture marking: Suture blue short-short anterior, alveolar ridge lateral short-long, anterior alveolar ridge medial long-long, marginal specimen ( tonsil medial ). Green suture: short-short medial ( hard palate ) short-long cranial at hard palate/cheek junction, long-long soft palate basal retrotonsillar. Suture purple: long-long basal at the level of the soft tissue on the hard palate, short-long soft tissue basal lower tonsil pole. In addition, marginal sample of soft tissue at the lateral alveolar ridge, marginal sample from the buccal fat plug and marginal sample from the buccal mucosa extending from the hard palate to the lateral aleolar ridge. Overall: Bone infiltration with significant bone erosion both in the area of the ascending mandibular branch and in the area of the alveolus in the last molar. Due to the situation, <CLINICIAN_NAME> from the maxillofacial surgery department was consulted. Findings confirmed by colleague. Joint decision to transfer patient to maxillofacial surgery, as removal of the mandible and surrounding soft tissue is required for rehabilitation. Primary RCT does not appear to make sense in the case of significant bone infiltration. Subsequent PEG placement. Insertion of the flexible esophagoscope into the stomach. No abnormalities were found on gross examination. After diaphanoscopy, insertion of a 15 mm stomach wall tube without complications. This is fixed to the abdominal wall in the typical manner. Completion of the procedure without complications. The patient should be referred to the maxillofacial surgery department after consultation with colleagues to plan further surgical treatment.