After transnasal intubation of the patient by the anesthesia colleague, the patient is positioned. Insertion of the Jennings mouth retractor and inspection of the oral cavity. An exophytic mass with a diameter of 2.4 x 1.4 cm is found at the edge of the tongue/under the tongue in the middle of the posterior 1/3 of the free tongue. The palpatory mass partially grows into the tongue musculature. Next, the tongue is pulled out. An incision is now made in the mucosa 1-1.2 cm from the macroscopic edge of the tumor. Dissection in depth and simultaneous targeted bipolar coagulation. Approx. 1.5 cm of the tongue musculature was removed in depth together with the main preparation. Careful resection down to the tongue musculature. After dissection, the resection margin was sharply separated. Nerve fibers of the lingual nerve are identified here, resected and sent separately for histological analysis. Targeted bipolar hemostasis from bleeding vessels. Exposure of the whartonian duct at the posterior lower resection margin. After removal of the specimen, the specimen is marked and sent for frozen section analysis. Tamponade of the oral cavity and sterile washing and covering of the right side of the neck. As the patient has several secondary diseases, the administration of infiltration was not authorized. Creation of an 8 cm skin incision on the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid. Sharp transection of the platysma and identification of the superficial cervical fascia. Resection of the connecting vein between the anterior jugular artery and the external jugular artery. Identification of the auricularis magnus nerve and preservation of the same. Then cranial dissection and identification of the marginal ramus and facial nerve. Next, dissection in depth until identification of the anterior sternocleidomastoid. Level III revealed a very interestingly split sternocleidomastoid muscle. Even in this area, 2 different heads (attachment to the sternum and attachment to the clavicle) are identified. Further dissection cranially until identification of the accessorius nerve. Level IIb is completely dissected above the accessorius nerve and the internal jugular vein is exposed. Level IIb is then pulled out under the accessorius nerve. Further dissection along the sternocleidomastoid muscle in depth. After identification of the cervical plexus posteriorly and the omohyoid muscle caudally, the lateral preparations are detached from lateral to medial. The cervical vascular sheath is then identified and dissected above the jugular vein and the carotid artery anteriorly. Then identification of the infrahyoid musculature and slow dissection from bottom to top. Preservation of the neurovascular structures, in particular the hypoglossal nerve and lingual artery. The preparation is then removed practically in one piece. Next, dissection in level Ia. A relatively large lymph node is removed separately above the submandibular gland and medially from the submandibular gland in the area of the facial artery and sent separately for histological analysis. Here, demonstration of the findings to <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Decision to remove level Ia. After identification of the anterior venter, digastric muscle and corpus ossis hyoidei, level Ia is systematically dissected from caudal to cranial. Upward identification of the mylohyoid muscle and sharp separation of the specimen from the muscle. The specimen is sent separately in one piece for histological analysis. Targeted bipolar hemostasis in all regions. In the event of absolute hemostasis, a size C Redon drain is placed. Wound closure in layers. Then transition to the oral cavity. After removing the compresses, targeted bipolar hemostasis is performed from the small bleeding vessels in the tongue musculature. Layered primary closure of the edge of the tongue on the right. If the postoperative aspect is relatively dry, the patient is handed over to the anesthesia colleague. Completion of the surgical procedure without complications. Conclusion: Resection of tongue margin carcinoma cT2 cN0 cM0 on the right and selective neck dissection level Ia to level IV on the right is performed without complications. For technical reasons, puncture from the left lobe of the thyroid gland was postponed. Intraoperative frozen section examination showed a distance of more than 0.5 cm from the lateral edges and at least 0.5 cm in the basal area. Therefore, primary wound closure at the right tongue margin. In case of unfavorable histological criteria and depth of infiltration and infiltration of the lingual nerve, adjuvant radiochemotherapy should be performed. If an intraoperative injury to tooth 23 is suspected, the patient should be seen by a dentist postoperatively. Postoperatively, antibiotics with Unacid 3 x 3 g and Clont 3 x 500 mg should be administered for the next 3 days under gastric protection. Redon drainage depending on progress. Early mobilization. Soft food build-up possible from the 2nd postoperative day.