First induction of anesthesia. Perform tracheoscopy. The area of the trachea up to the carina is unremarkable. Inspection of the endolarynx. The tumor was found to be growing largely submucosally, completely occupying the entire left vocal fold and the morgue sinus. This confirmed the diagnosis of a cT2 glottic laryngeal carcinoma on the left. Skin ablation and sterile draping. Creation of an approx. 4 cm long skin incision. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Formation of a subplatysmal flap cranially to the hyoid bone and caudally to the cricoid cartilage. Exposure of the anterior jugular vein with its branches. Ligation of the same. Expose the prelaryngeal muscles in the midline. Move the prelaryngeal muscles to the side on both sides. Exposure of the thyroid cartilage, the cricothyroid vein and the cricoid cartilage. First horizontal transverse incision of the ligamentum conicum. Paramedian scalpel incision on the right side of the thyroid cartilage perichondrium. Exposure of the thyroid cartilage. Subsequent right paramedian thyrotomy using a wheel. Entering the endolaryngeal lumen. Insertion of the laryngeal retractors and subsequent insertion into the correct subendochondral layer using the FREER. Due to the clear submucosal growth, the decision was made to resect a large area, taking fibers of the vocalis muscle and the thyroaryaenoid muscle with it. Inclusion of the morgue sinus in the preparation. Exposure and sparing of the left arytenoid cartilage. Then take 5 representative marginal samples (supraglottic, subglottic, anterior towards the anterior commissure, posterior towards the arytenoid cartilage and wound bed). All 5 margin samples are found to be tumor-free by the pathology colleagues during a frozen section examination. Hemostasis in the area of the wound bed using bipolar coagulation. Dry conditions. Creation of drill holes on the thyroid cartilage using a Lindemann reamer and primary closure of the thyroid cartilage using two Vicryl 3-0 sutures. Subsequent suture adaptation of the edges of the ligamentum conicum using Vicryl 4-0 sutures. Insertion of a flap. Suture adaptation of the perichondrium of the thyroid cartilage, suture adaptation of the prelaryngeal muscles in the midline. Platysma suture, subcutaneous suture, single-button skin suture, application of a pressure bandage. Completion of the procedure without complications. Please schedule a follow-up MLE in 8 weeks.