After induction of anesthesia and transoral endotracheal intubation by the anesthesia colleagues, positioning of the patient by the surgeon. First of all, placement of the mouth blocker and inspection of the oral cavity. A slightly exophytic, exulcerated mass was found, localized more on the posterior surface of the uvula. On palpation, the left half of the uvula, the cranial part of the anterior and posterior palatal arch and the cranial half of the left tonsil were clearly indurated. Thus, under constant control by means of palpation, the uvula was recut starting from the left upper tonsil pole, with a macroscopic safety margin of 1 cm. Removal of the uvula. Transfer to the right side. Taking the anterior and posterior palatal arch on the right. Constant palpatory control. Careful dissection, macroscopically in healthy tissue. The induration is carefully traced caudally in the right tonsillar lobe. Phases of the constrictor pharyngeus medius muscle are taken. Hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation. This results in a uvular resection with a tumor tonsillectomy on the right side. The specimen is thread-marked and sent for frozen section examination. The pathology colleagues announced their findings by telephone. Tumor cells were found in the cranial part of the specimen, forming a vocal margin. Otherwise, the tumor appeared to be completely removed from the healthy tissue with a minimum distance of 0.1 cm at the level of the middle soft tissue margin (left tonsil lobe). Thus, generous resection cranially, removal of a marginal sample cranially and resection in the former left tonsil lobe in the entire length from cranial to caudal. The three specimens (cranial resection, cranial margin specimen, soft tissue resection margin) are sent for final histology. Careful hemostasis with bipolar coagulation. Careful inspection of the surgical site. Insertion of a gastric tube. Completion of the procedure without bleeding and without complications. Conclusion: Uvular resection with tumor tonsillectomy on the right side. In a cT2 cN0 oral cavity (uvula) - oropharynx (anterior and posterior palatal arch, tonsil) carcinoma. Bilateral neck dissection with PEG placement is planned in 10 days. Taking into account the surgical defect on the uvula and in the area of the right oropharynx, good postoperative swallowing function is to be expected and flap coverage is therefore not necessary.