First, after induction of intubation anesthesia, panendoscopy and inspection of the tonsil tumor, which is located in the upper part of the tonsil and merges very slightly onto the anterior palatal arch. The FK mouth retractor is then inserted and the tumor region exposed. The robot is then docked. The tumor tonsillectomy is then performed with the robot, starting with a mucosal incision close to the uvula. With resection of the anterior palatal arch and partly the posterior palatal arch, dissection into the pharyngeal musculature. The dissection is then carried out in the area of the pharyngeal muscles from cranial to caudal. Dissection takes place in the area of the lower tonsil pole at the transition to the base of the tongue. In the area of the upper third of the tonsil, the tumor borders appear to extend close to the resection. The specimen is marked here with a thread. A generous resection is then made in this area. The other margins are well within the healthy tissue. Therefore, only a frozen section is taken in the area of the upper lateral pole after the resection. This specimen is found to be tumor-free intraoperatively. Therefore, an R0 resection can now be assumed. Subtle hemostasis again. If the wound is dry, remove all instruments. After repositioning the patient, neck dissection on both sides. Now continue the operation (neck dissection on both sides) by <CLINICIAN_NAME>, <CLINICIAN_NAME> alternating head positioning for neck dissection on the right. Infiltration with 10 ml xylocaine with added adrenaline in the area of the planned skin incision on the right after marking the landmarks in the typical manner. Abjode and sterile draping of the adjacent areas. Curved skin incision in the area of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Separation of the skin and platysma, then exposure of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Dissection of the omohyoid muscle and exposure of the internal jugular vein. A macroscopically impressive lymph node metastasis measuring approx. 3 x 5 cm is located on the internal jugular vein. Then expose the accessorius nerve. Now locate the digastric muscle. After identification of all landmarks, insertion of the caudal and cranial retractors. Then dissect the internal jugular vein and expose the cervical vascular sheath with vagus nerve, internal jugular vein and facial vein as well as the common carotid artery. Protect the above-mentioned structures and clear out the entire posterior neck preparation while protecting the accessorius nerve and the entire cervical plexus. Now dissect anteriorly and expose the hypoglossal nerve, the capsule of the submandibular gland and complete the upper neck preparation. Hemostasis using Bipolar, resorption, no more evidence of bleeding, irrigation with Ringer. No more evidence of bleeding. Insertion of a 10-gauge Redon drain and two-layer wound closure. Transfer to neck dissection of the right side. Infiltration with 10 ml xylocaine with added adrenaline and another curved skin incision in the area of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Dissection of the platysma, exposure of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Then dissection of the landmarks, the omohyoid muscle and exploration of the internal jugular vein. Exposure of the accessorius nerve and finally the digastric muscle. Insertion of a retractor caudally and cranially and preparation on the anterior side of the internal jugular vein for the posterior neck preparation. Then expose the cervical vascular sheath with vagus nerve, internal jugular vein, facial vein and common carotid artery. The above-mentioned structures are spared. Tracing up to the cervical plexus. Further dissection of the accessorius nerve in a cranial direction and finally clearing out the posterior neck preparation while sparing the accessorius nerve and all plexus branches. Then dissection and exposure of the hypoglossal nerve and the capsule of the submandibular gland with completion of the anterior neck preparation. Finally, inspection without further sources of bleeding after hemostasis using bipolarization. Irrigation with Ringer. No further evidence of bleeding. Insertion of a 10-gauge Redon drain, then two-layer wound closure. The procedure was completed without complications. The right-sided lymph node metastasis could be easily dissected from the internal jugular vein without infiltration of the surrounding structures. On the left side, level II lymph nodes approx. 1-2 cm in size were present, which are contained in their entirety in the neck preparation. Conclusion: R0 resection of a cT1 cN2b tonsillar carcinoma on the right (transoral robot-assisted) and neck dissection on both sides Level IIa to V. Procedure: Tumor conference with question of adjuvant therapy.