Induction of anesthesia and intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Entry with the small bore tube and inspection of the tumor. The tumor is very difficult to locate. There is an exophytic mass in the area of the right vocal fold with transition into the anterior commissure and onto the left vocal fold. In the area of the right vocal fold, the mass extends to the vocal process and into the morgue sinus. On the left side, the mass extends to the posterior third of the vocal fold and also into the morgue sinus. The folds of the pocket are only partially affected, if at all, on the right side. Due to the poor adjustability, partial laryngectomy from the outside. Therefore sterile washing and draping. Zigzag skin incision. Exposure of the prelarygneal musculature. Push the prelaryngeal muscles to the side. Incision of the perichondrium on the thyroid cartilage. Pushing off the perichondrium. Incision of the thyroid cartilage in the median. The thyrohyoid membrane was previously split in the middle. Opening of the larynx and inspection of the tumor. The tumor is located as described above. First, the right side of the thyroid cartilage is removed. This is successful without any problems. Deposition of the vocal process with the Kittel scissors in the posterior region. Deposition of the tumor on the subglottic slope and in the area of the morgue sinus. On the anterior part, the tumor extends slightly into the pocket fold, so part of the pocket fold is removed here. Transition to the left side. Here the tumor is also pushed away from the thyroid cartilage and deposited in the posterior third of the vocal fold. Removal of the morgue sinus and placement of the tumor in the anterior commissure. This results in tearing of the tumor. There is no infiltration of the thyroid cartilage in any areas. The tumor ruptures in the anterior commissure and is thread-marked in two pieces for final histology. Samples are taken from all margins as well as from the depth. All marginal samples are in frozen section R0. Transition to reconstruction of the larynx. First, the mucosa of the pocket fold is sutured to the mucosa of the subglottic region on the left side. Insertion of two drill holes through the thyroid cartilage in the area of the anterior commissure. Here, the pocket fold in the left area is fixed forward so that ultimately no thyroid cartilage is exposed. The same procedure is performed on the right side. On the right side, however, a small section in the anterior region can no longer be closed. This means that the mucosa of the pocket fold cannot be connected to the subglottic region in this area, as too much mucosa has been resected here. However, it is possible to fix the pocket fold to the anterior commissure on the right side in order to leave all edges of the anterior commissure covered with mucosa to prevent synechiae from forming. Finally, drill holes in the posterior area and suture the thyroid cartilage. Suturing of the remaining soft tissues, perichondrium, muscle fascia, muscle and subcutaneous tissue in layers. A flap was previously inserted. Application of a pressure bandage. A tracheostomy was not performed intraoperatively if the wound conditions were good. The patient should be fed via the inserted nasogastric tube for at least five days. The patient should then be carefully fed and presented at the tumor conference. Please plan a follow-up MLE in 8 weeks.