Inspection and exploration of the oral cavity. An exophytic, partially exulcerated tumor process is seen on the left free edge of the tongue, which extends to approx. 3 x 2 cm, also submucosally with clear deep infiltration with small satellite foci perfocally on the anterior edge, submucosally. After exposure of the tumor, the tumor is cut around with a safety margin of approx. 1.5 cm macroscopically, especially in depth. The tumorous process or resection defect remains confined to the free edge of the tongue, with no significant involvement of the lateral floor of the mouth. The specimen is now thread-marked for frozen section diagnostics. This reveals a narrow resection margin in the area of the anterior tongue body in the area of the perifocal lesions, which is why the resection margin is extended here by a resection. Subsequently, a new completely covering margin sample was performed. Otherwise R0 situation on all sides. Due to the clear wound surface, the wound edges are now adapted with 3-0 Vicryl. Overall, the wound was completely dry and then turned to neck dissection for cN2b neck status, which was performed on the left side due to the strictly unilateral tumor. Dictation <CLINICIAN_NAME>: Now neck dissection on the left by <CLINICIAN_NAME> and <CLINICIAN_NAME> alternately. Head positioning, infiltration with Ultracaine 2% with added Suprarenin. Separation of the skin and platysma, auricular magnus nerve, exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, omohyoid muscle, submandibular muscle, digastric muscle and exposure of the accessorius nerve. Insertion of the blockers and exploration of the internal jugular vein. Exposure to the cranial side, resulting in opening. After vascular suturing using Prolene 6.0, hemostasis. Now the neck preparation is released from cranial to caudal along the cervical vascular sheath from levels II, III and IV, after dissection of level IIb / V while sparing the accessorius nerve. The plexus branches, hypoglossal nerve and facial artery/vein are exposed and preserved. Finally, level IV is removed. Finally, level Ib, clinically no suspicious nodes. Hemostasis with the bipolar. Insertion of a Redon, two-layer wound closure.