First, the patient is prepared and transported to the central OR of the surgical department. Induction of anesthesia and intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Positioning of the head and insertion of spandex and dental protection. Attachment of the tongue. Insertion of the blocker. This is somewhat difficult until the tumor region is well exposed. Inserting the robotic arms into the DaVinci device and positioning the arms and the camera in the mouth area. It can be seen that the tumor completely occupies the upper pole of the tonsil on the left side and is in contact with the anterior and posterior palatal arch. In depth, the tumor extends relatively far laterally. Now grasp the anterior palatal arch and begin with the tumor resection. In the course of the tumor resection, it is confirmed that the tumor extends very far to the lateral pharyngeal wall, so that it must be resected including the muscles in this area. Now complete the resection caudally to the base of the tongue and medially to the area of the posterior palatal arch. A minimal margin may remain from the posterior palatal arch. The specimen can be retrieved in toto and also removed macroscopically in healthy tissue. Neck fat tissue is exposed on the lateral pharyngeal wall and a clear pulsation can be seen underneath. Now take marginal samples from the depths of the caudal anterior and posterior palatal arch. The marginal samples go to the frozen section. R0 situation in the frozen section. The tumor specimen is sent for final histology. Hemostasis during tumor resection using monopolar coagulation. Due to the pharyngeal defect and the pulsating carotid artery lying very close underneath, neck dissection in the primary procedure must be omitted in this case. Finally, placement of a nasogastric feeding tube. The patient goes to the ENT intensive care unit for monitoring. Please feed via the nasogastric tube for 8 days and plan a secondary neck dissection on both sides. Then presentation at the tumor conference.