First, the patient is brought into the operating room. Induction of anesthesia and intubation by the anesthesia colleagues, then insertion of the mouth blocker and adjustment of the tumor region, this is somewhat difficult, finally it is possible to expose the tumor completely. The tumor is located in the vallecula, extends to the lingual surface of the epiglottis, reaches the midline and also extends to the base of the tongue. Now positioning of the robotic device. Adjust the camera and the robotic arms. Start the resection at the free edge of the epiglottis, release the tumor, then on the left side at the base of the tongue and finally remove the tumor tissue en bloc. The specimen is thread-marked for the frozen section, in the frozen section isolated cells can still be seen at the base of the tongue, whereby the diagnosis of the pathology is limited here due to cauterization artefacts. Therefore, to be on the safe side, a wide strip of mucosa is removed from the base of the tongue and sent for final histology with a thread marker. Irrigation of the surgical area, monopolar hemostasis, then completion of the tumor resection in dry blood. Removal of the robotic arms and repositioning for modified radical neck dissection. Initially start on the left side. Skin incision in a skin fold. Exposure of the platysma. Dissection of the platysma cranially. Exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid, exposure of the omohyoid of the submandibular gland and the digastric muscle. Exposure of the accessorius nerve and clearing of level II-V while sparing the plexus branches. Then repositioning for neck dissection on the right side. Here also skin incision in a transverse skin fold, exposure of the platysma. Dissection of the platysma cranially, exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, the omohyoid muscle, the submandibular gland and the digastric muscle. Exposure of the accessorius, then exposure of the cervical vascular sheath and evacuation of neck levels II to V while sparing the plexus branches. Then repositioning for tracheotomy. Skin incision below the cricoid cartilage. Dissection of the musculature. Splitting of the musculature in the linea alba. Exposure of the thyroid gland, dissection of the thyroid gland by bipolar coagulation and with pointed scissors. Then expose the anterior wall of the trachea. Entering the trachea between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal cartilage. Creation of a visor tracheotomy. Creation of a mucocutaneous anastomosis. Problem-free reintubation and completion of the procedure without complications. The patient first goes to the recovery room and then to the ENT intensive care unit for monitoring, please continue antibiotics for 24 hours, nutrition via the PEG tube for one week, then diet is established.