After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, tracheoscopy by the surgeon. The trachea is freely visible up to the bifurcation. Then intubation by the surgeon. Now enter with the Kleinsasser tube. Inspection of the piriform sinus on both sides, the endolarynx, the postcricoid region, the vallecula and the epiglottis. Inconspicuous conditions here. Now adjust with the Mc Ivor spatula. Inspection of the tonsils. An exophytic ulcerating mass was found in the area of the left tonsil, which was palpable. Therefore, the decision was made to perform a left tonsillectomy for a clinically highly suspected carcinoma. First grasp the tonsil with forceps. Dissection with the electric needle. Removal of the anterior palatal arch. Dissection macroscopically far into the healthy tissue. Mobilization of the tonsil from the posterior palatal arch, which can be partially preserved. Further preparation of the oropharyngeal side wall. Here in this area, parapharyngeal fat is partially exposed. Further dissection caudally. It can be seen that the carcinoma partially infiltrates the base of the tongue. Part of the base of the tongue is resected here. If the tissue disintegrates very easily, the tumor preparation tears shortly before it is deposited in the area of the base of the tongue. A large slice is then taken as a resection. The final macroscopic result is an R0 resection. For further safety, marginal samples are taken from the area of the base of the tongue, the midline of the oropharynx, the anterior palatal arch and laterally basally and sent for final histology. Minutious bipolar hemostasis in the area of the wound bed. The blood is dry. Relaxing the Mc Ivor blade for 5 minutes, re-inspection. No evidence of bleeding. The operation is therefore terminated at this point. Conclusion: Overall, a high degree of suspicion of tonsillar carcinoma on the left, unremarkable panendoscopy. The tonsillar carcinoma was resected in the sense of a tumor tonsillectomy. If, contrary to expectations, the marginal sample in the area of the base of the tongue is positive, a transcervical resection must be performed. Further procedure after receipt of the final histology and in the further course. Depending on the development, radial lobe defect coverage may need to be considered.