Introductory consultation with the anesthesiologist. Repeated panendoscopy and inspection of the tumor, which has not changed significantly compared to the previous findings from the panendoscopy a week ago. Insertion of the FK oral retractor and exposure of the tumor, which is successful without any problems. Insertion of the spandex blocker. Docking the robot and positioning the optics and the robot arms. Inserting the instruments, on the left the monopolar blades, on the right the Maryland clamp. Careful marking of the resection margins with the monopolar blade. Start of the resection from the parauvular side on the left, via the soft palate into the tonsil larynx. Care is taken to maintain a macroscopic safety margin of 0.5 cm in the entire area. The resection is then carried out via the tonsil lobe to the base of the tongue, where the tumor has infiltrated into the base of the tongue in a spherical shape. Therefore, resection of an area around the tumor from the base of the tongue. The resection extends forward from the soft palate into the glossotonsillar groove. An appropriate safety distance is also maintained here. Finally, the entire tumor preparation can be completely removed. Careful hemostasis. Removal of representative marginal samples from the area of the base of the tongue, the glossotonsillar groove and the anterior and posterior margin of the palate. All marginal samples are sent for frozen section diagnostics. The specimens of the palatal arch are thread-marked. The first frozen section inspection shows that both the marginal sample at the base of the tongue and the marginal sample in the glossotonsillar groove cannot be assessed due to thermal artifacts. For this reason, we again take marginal samples from the area of the glossotonsillar groove and the base of the tongue with the scissors. These are sent again for frozen section diagnostics. The marginal sample in the area of the glossotonsillar groove now shows infiltrations of the tumor. The marginal sample at the base of the tongue is assessed as tumor-free. An extensive resection is therefore performed in the area of the transition between the glossotonsillar groove and the base of the tongue, so that the resection extends to the bone of the ascending mandibular branch. These resections are sent for final histopathological assessment. Again, marginal samples are taken from the area of the glossotonsillar groove and the ascending mandible. Both marginal samples are now found to be tumor-free in the frozen section. After careful hemostasis, the instruments are removed. There is now a clearly enlarged velopharyngeal space, so that regurgitation of food cannot be ruled out with certainty. An attempt is therefore made to reconstruct the soft palate using the tissue of the remaining uvula. This is therefore first deepithelialized on the left side and sutured into the soft palate in three layers. Despite all this, a large velopharyngeal gap remains, so that the patient's swallowing function must be examined first. If there is massive regurgitation, treatment with a radial flap is necessary here. Due to this fact, neck dissection is not performed today for cN0 status. Depending on the clinical picture of swallowing function, this is performed either in combination with radial flap treatment or, if swallowing function is good, as a selective neck dissection. After another bleeding check, the patient is fitted with a nasogastric feeding tube and transferred via the recovery room to the in-house intensive care unit for postoperative monitoring. Final consultation with the anesthesia department.