Induction of anesthesia and intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Entry with the Kleinsasser tube and inspection of the hypopharynx and larynx. An exophytic mass is seen in the area of the right vocal fold with transition to the pocket fold. Submucosal growth here. There is also an exophytic mass in the anterior commissure and on the left side. CT morphologically large-volume mass in the area of the right larynx. Storage. Sterile washing and draping. Creation of an apron flap in the usual manner. Perform neck dissection on both sides in parallel. Right side <CLINICIAN_NAME>, left side <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle on the left side. Showing the omohyoid muscle. Showing the submandibular gland and the cervical vascular sheath. Exposure of the hypoglossal nerve, accessory nerve and cervical plexus. Release of the neck preparation level II a and V a while sparing the plexus branches. The superior thyroid artery and facial vein can be preserved. Neck dissection on the right side by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, the omohyoid muscle and the submandibular gland. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath, the jugular vein, the accessorius nerve and the hypoglossus. On the left side, vein angle between the internal jugular vein and facial vein, metastases are visible. Removal of the neck preparation level II a to V a while sparing the plexus branches. Release of the larynx on both sides. Instead, detachment of the hyoid bone. Detachment of the thyroid gland. Dissection of the superior laryngeal nerve, the superior laryngeal artery and vein on both sides. Release of the piriform sinus on both sides. This must be done very carefully on the right side. Enter the pharynx from the left paramedian side. Disluxation of the epiglottis. Cut out the mucosa along the edges of the epiglottis. Deposition of the larynx below the cricoid cartilage. Insertion of a size 10 Provox prosthesis in the usual manner. Perform a paramedian left lateral esophagomyotomy. Reduction of the insertions of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Then three-layer pharyngeal suture in the usual manner. Insertion of Redon drains. Two-layer skin closure. Application of a wrap bandage and completion of the procedure without complications. Please continue antibiotics for at least 24 hours. Wrap bandage for one week. X-ray pelvis on the 14th postoperative day. Presentation of the patient at the tumor conference after receipt of the histology.  