Initial tracheoscopy: normal conditions on all sides from the carina to the glottis. Orotracheal intubation by the surgeon. MLE: Endolarynx, epiglottis, arytenoid region and postcricoid region clear. Orohypopharyngoscopy: Unobtrusive mucosal conditions in the entire orohypopharynx up to the esophageal entrance. Tonsil lobe and base of tongue free on palpation. Esophagoscopy and PEG placement (<CLINICIAN_NAME>): Advancement of the esophagoscope into the stomach, no abnormalities on gross examination. A 9-gauge stomach wall probe is inserted in the typical manner without complications. The endoscope was then withdrawn, and no tumor was detected in the esophagus. Subsequent inspection of the oral cavity. The approx. 3 x 2 cm large exophytic mass on the left edge of the tongue is seen. This is followed by enoral tumor resection: insertion of the oral retractor. Tonguing of the tongue. Incision of the tumor with a safety margin of 1.5 to 2 cm on all sides. The lingual artery must also be cut off, which is treated with a stitch and ligature. Tongue preparation is thread-marked for frozen section. The preparation is resected in all directions R0. The defect is then completely sutured using 2.0 Vicryl sutures. Subsequent repositioning for modified radical neck dissection on the right: skin incision in front of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, exposure of the omohyoid muscle and digastric muscle. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath, internal jugular vein, internal and external carotid artery and vagus nerve. Exposure of the accessorius nerve. Unlocking of the dorsal neck preparation and preservation of the branches of the cervical plexus. Subsequent development of the anterior neck preparation with exposure and preservation of the superior thyroid artery, hypoglossal nerve and facial vein. Subsequent ligation of the lingual artery to prevent bleeding. Then also careful hemostasis. Finally, wound closure in layers and insertion of a Redon drainage. Patient should be fed via PEG for a few days postoperatively. Single shot antibiotics with Unacid were administered intraoperatively. Discuss neck dissection on the other side depending on the histology of the neck preparation.