Before intubation tracheoscopy: Mucosa up to the carina free on all sides and without irritation. Intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Insertion of the Kleinsasser C-tube after dental protection: Oral cavity: Tongue and floor of the mouth as well as oral vestibule, inspectorically and palpatorily no space occupation/resistance. Orophaynx: Centrally retracted exulcerating mass of the right tonsil. The uvula is free, the anterior palatal arch is contact vulnerable with macroscopically inconspicuous mucosa, the posterior palatal arch is free and the tumor does not extend beyond the caudal tonsil pole. Total size approx. 2 x 3.5 cm. Hard and soft palate free, left tonsillar lobe inconspicuous tonsil, also glossoalveolar furrows free on both sides. Posterior wall of oropharynx free. Base of tongue unremarkable on inspection and palpation. Vallecula epiglottica free. Hypopharynx: Postcricoid and piriform sinus free on both sides. Larynx: Epiglottis, aryepiglottic fold, arytenoid region on both sides, folds of pockets on both sides as well as vocal folds on both sides and anterior and posterior commissure on all sides no masses. Mucous membranes smooth. Tumor tonsillectomy on the right: insertion of the Mc Ivor oral flap with fixed teeth. Very good overview. Marking of the resection margins using an electric needle. Entry at the anterior palatal arch with the electric needle and dissection caudally in the muscle layer, whereby the wound bed is macroscopically tumor-free. Successive tonsillectomy with repeated hemostasis using bipolar. In the case of minor vascular bleeding and with protection of the posterior palatal arch, whereby an approx. 0.5 cm long slit-shaped mucosal tear is created parauvularly, which is adapted using absorbable Vicyl suture 3-0. Finally, the tonsil is removed at the lower tonsil pole with a macroscopic safety margin of 0.5 cm. Hemostasis using a bipolar suture. No more bleeding. The specimen is sent in marked with a suture for a frozen section, in which the cranial, caudal, medial and lateral mucosal margins are found to be free. If the resection distance is less than 0.1 cm in the basal/wound base area of the cranial third of the specimen (but the wound base is clinically clearly tumor-free), a marginal sample is taken in the wound base of the cranial third both medially, laterally and cranially. These are sent in for definitive histology. The marginal sample was taken after the frozen section result was communicated following the OGD/PEG procedure. Insertion of the flexible endoscope under air insufflation after insertion of a bite guard and inspection of the oesophageal mucosa, which appears circularly reddened in the area of the gastro-oesophageal junction, which could be a mucosal metaplasia. Then in the stomach air insufflation and unfolding of the mucosal relief, which is rosy on all sides, but shows various areas of a cobblestone relief in the region of the gastric outlet and obiquitously. If diaphanoscopy is very good, a PEG is placed in the typical manner using the thread pull-through method. After problem-free PEG placement, suction of the air and mirroring back, whereby a renewed inspection of the esophageal mucosa shows idem. Final enoral inspection, no evidence of bleeding. Conclusion: Panendoscopy, frozen section controlled R0 resection for tumor tonsillectomy on the right, PEG placement for cT2 cN3 tonsillar carcinoma on the right. Intraoperative case discussion <CLINICIAN_NAME>: Planning of two-stage neck dissection on the right. Tumor board, question about pulmonary filia. In case of the above-mentioned gastric findings, gastroenterolog. Clarification recommended