Anesthesia induction by the anesthesia colleagues and performance of a rigid tracheoscopy using O° optics. Inconspicuous conditions in the area of the trachea up to the carina. Subsequent transoral endotracheal intubation using a laser tube, tube fixation and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. A flexible oesophagogastroscopy is then performed using an endoscope, which is advanced to the stomach under visualization. Slightly polypoid mucosal changes in the area of the entire stomach in the sense of chronic gastritis, otherwise no evidence of an exophytic mass or unstable mucosal changes. Endoscopic inversion and inspection of the esophageal junction, inconspicuous conditions there. Then withdraw the endoscope and inspect the esophagus. Inconspicuous conditions there. Then perform a rigid pharyngo- and laryngoscopy using a Kleinsasser C-tube. The posterior wall of the hypopharynx and the esophageal entrance, the piriform sinuses on both sides, the posterior wall of the oropharynx and the side walls were also unremarkable. The base of the tongue was unremarkable on endoscopy and palpation. The endolarynx was then adjusted using a Kleinsasser C-tube. In the area of the right vocal fold, an exophytic mass covered with rough mucosa was found, starting directly anterior to the vocal process and extending posteriorly to the anterior commissure, but leaving out the anterior part of the left vocal fold, thus cT1a glottic laryngeal carcinoma on the right. Set the laser beam to 4 watts in continuous mode and successively move around the glottic change at a wide distance. The specimen is removed in toto and sent in for final histology with a suture marker (anteriorly towards the anterior commissure). Four marginal samples were taken (supraglottic towards the pocket fold, subglottic slope, posterior towards the vocal process, anterior towards the anterior commissure), which are sent for intraoperative frozen section examination. The intraoperative frozen section examination reveals in situ carcinoma in the marginal sample "supraglottic towards the pocket fold" as well as chronic inflammatory changes in the marginal sample "subglottic slope" (still requiring clarification there). A resection is therefore performed in the supraglottic area ("supraglottic resection") and a second marginal sample is taken there ("2nd supraglottic marginal sample"). The same procedure is followed in the subglottis. A post-resectate is taken there ("post-resectate subglottis") and a second subglottic marginal sample ("2nd marginal sample subglottis") is taken. Hemostasis using swabs soaked in Suprarenin. Repeated inspection and administration of SDH 250 mg intravenously. Removal of all laryngeal swabs and completion of the procedure under dry conditions. Conclusion: This was a transoral, microlaryngoscopic laser-assisted tumor resection of a cT1a G2 squamous cell carcinoma of the right vocal fold. Please note final histology and schedule a follow-up microlaryngoscopy in 8 weeks.