First of all, the Kleinsasser tube C. Although the tumor is difficult to adjust, it is ultimately adjustable and thus laser resectable when pressure is applied from the outside. The tumor on the right is distended with ingrowth into the laryngeal ventricle. Macroscopically, the left mucosa is rather inconspicuous, no really visible areas of suspicious tumor. Tumor on the right extends to just in front of the arytenoid cartilage and also to just in front of the commissure, which is visible when pressure is applied from the outside. Laser resection of the tumor on the right was therefore performed. Due to the extent and volume of the tumor, it is resected including the vocal cord on the left and the anterior commissure with minor removal of the most anterior parts of the vocal fold, the supraglottic space and the subglottic space on the left. Resection extends laterally to the cartilage, taking the perichondrium with it. The vocal process is also resected dorsally. Caudally, the subglottic slope at a distance of approx. 4-5 mm from the tumor is removed and marked with sutures. A marginal sample is taken subglottically on the right, subglottically in front and supraglottically in front. The mucosa is also removed from the anterior third of the left vocal fold by stripping and also sent in as a marginal sample. In the frozen section, the tumor including the marginal samples is removed in healthy tissue. In the area of the left anterior vocal fold, there is still high-grade dysplasia, but without a visible transition to carcinoma in situ. Nevertheless, due to these findings, the mucosa is also removed in the sense of stripping from the posterior parts of the left vocal fold, including the transition to the morgue ventricle and the subglottic outlet. These mucosal parts are sent in as the final sample. Now most careful hemostasis. No more bleeding at the end of the operation. A tracheotomy can be dispensed with due to the overall situation. Removal of the mouth guard and Kleinsasser tube. Completion of the procedure without complications. Overall cT1-2 glottic carcinoma on the right and carcinoma in situ or high-grade dysplasia on the vocal fold in the mucosal area on the left. Patient received intraoperative and preoperative clindamycin antibiotics. Please continue this antibiotic treatment for one week. It is essential to schedule another MLE check-up in 8-12 weeks.