Transfer of the patient to the operating room and active implementation of the team time-out. Introductory consultation with anesthesia colleagues. Induction of intubation anesthesia by the colleagues. Positioning of the patient by the surgeon in the head reclination position. Inspection of the oropharynx begins with insertion of the McIvor mouth blocker. The tonsil on the right side is clearly prominent and hard to palpate. The tumor extends submucosally far into the soft palate on the right side. The medial tumor border is paramedian without crossing the midline. Caudally, the lower tonsil pole is tumor-free. There is no transition to the base of the tongue. Start tumor resection by marking the resection margins with the electric needle. Incision of the mucosa with the electric needle. Submucosal dissection with Cooper scissors. Smaller vessels are treated with the bipolar coagulation forceps. The tumor can be easily removed from the lateral oropharyngeal wall. The lower tonsil pole is free of tumor. Several marginal samples are taken for intraoperative frozen section diagnostics. It is shown that the cranial, medial and lateral margin samples of the tumor bed are still infiltrated by tumor. Decision to resect and resend the resected specimens for frozen section diagnostics. Here, too, tumor infiltration in the cranial and lateral areas of the tumor bed is noted. The findings are demonstrated to <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Decision to perform a generous resection in the cranial part of the tumor with subtotal resection of the soft palate. Re-determination of several representative marginal samples. These are now tumor-free. An R0 situation can therefore be definitively assumed. After completion of the tumor resection, re-inspection of the wound area. The anterior palatal arch was completely resected. The posterior palatal arch was also completely used up. In addition, the tumor resection had to be performed cranially up to a subtotal resection of the soft palate. In the cranial part of the posterior palatal arch there is a defect approx. 1 x 1 cm to the nasopharynx. The lateral resection margin extends to the parapharyngeal fatty tissue. Due to the depth of the defect, a neck dissection on the right side is not performed in the same session in order to avoid an extensive defect. Hemostasis is performed using hydrogen and bipolar coagulation forceps. An attempt is made to reduce the defect with several adapting sutures. Bleeding is checked again at the end of the operation by raising the blood pressure. The wound bed is completely dry. During the frozen section break, a PEG tube was also inserted in the usual manner using the suture pull-through method. This was performed without complications. Conclusion: The enoral tumor resection of a cT2 cN2b oropharyngeal carcinoma on the right side was performed today. Due to the size and depth of the defect in relation to the lateral pharyngeal wall with exposed parapharyngeal fatty tissue, simultaneous neck dissection is not performed. This should be planned at least 3 weeks apart. Depending on how well the wound has healed by granulation by then, defect coverage using vascular-free microvascular flap plasty should be discussed at the same time. This should be performed to prevent regurgitation, particularly with regard to the functional results in the case of a pronounced defect in the soft palate. Please wait for the final histology and present the case again in the interdisciplinary tumor conference.