After induction of anesthesia, tracheoscopy is first performed with 0 degree optics. This reveals a subglottic protrusion of a tracheal cartilage with a slight narrowing of the tracheal lumen by approx. 20 %. However, the mucosa is not irritated. Now orotracheal intubation by the surgeon. Then proceed to flexible esophagogastroscopy. Mucosal conditions are normal on all sides, even in the cardia area after inversion and in the pylorus area. No further abnormalities of the esophagus when the endoscope is withdrawn. Now proceed to panendoscopy. Apart from the tumor described below, there are no other abnormalities in the entire oropharyngeal, hypopharyngeal and laryngeal region. The tumor itself is a clearly uneven mucosal region with elevation and a slightly exophytic aspect in the area of the left pocket fold, which also affects the upper side of the left vocal fold in its central area via the morgue sinus. The anterior region and also the anterior commissure are tumor-free. The free aryepiglottic fold is not affected, but the tumor grows over into the ary region in the posterior part of the pocket fold and the vocal fold also appears relatively unsteady in the area of the vocal process. Now repeated consultation of <CLINICIAN_NAME> and <CLINICIAN_NAME>, which ultimately indicated the performance of laser resection with frozen section examinations. The anterior section is now set to 3 watt continuous mode with the CO2 laser and the left pocket fold is resected. The anterior part of the left vocal fold is then also resected with the laser in its upper part up to the free edge. The vocal cord can be preserved if the findings are relatively superficial, as can the vocalis muscle. Now setting the posterior side. Here the resection extends over the pocket fold to the free aryepiglottic fold and then medially over the arytenoid cartilage almost to the interary region without entering it. Here, too, the findings are clearly superficial and the arytenoid cartilage itself can be preserved. Now, although there is no clinical suspicion that the mass is extending into the depths, the wound bed is resected again in the supraglottic area corresponding to the pocket crease, because the CT suggests that the tumor is deeper in this area. In between, repeated coagulation with the forceps and monopolar coagulation. Finally, frozen section diagnostics are performed. Six frozen sections are taken from the free edge of the glottis via the arytenoid region, in the wound bed along the pocket crease, again in the anterior pocket crease and in the anterior commissure area. All frozen sections were found to be tumor-free. Only the arytenoid region is removed with slight dysplasia. For this reason, a small strip is recut in this area. In between, careful hemostasis with placement of supra-swabs. Placement of a feeding tube, which should be left in place for 7 days. Intraoperative administration of 3 g Unacid, which should be continued for 24 hours, and 250 mg SDH single-shot. Conclusion: cT2 ycN0 supraglottic laryngeal carcinoma with involvement of the morgue sinus and vocal fold on the left side. R0 resection in the frozen section. Further procedure after receipt of the final histology, whereby it should be discussed in the tumor conference whether a new neck dissection can be dispensed with in the case of ycN0 neck status and pre-treatment of the patient.