Tumor resection: The tumor is cut around on all sides with a macroscopically sufficient safety margin and successively dissected away from the pharyngeal musculature. However, similar to an iceberg, this reveals a more significant depth expansion than initially visible macroscopically. In the cranio-lateral region, one has the impression that it has not come off safely in the healthy area. A resection is performed here. Otherwise, the tumor margins are macroscopically clear on all sides, even in depth. Suture marking of the specimen after tumor resection. The specimen is sent together with the resection for final histological examination. Extensive and careful hemostasis in the area of the resection site. After completion of the resection, the oropharynx is inspected again. Dry conditions prevail here. Insertion of a feeding tube. The correct position of the feeding tube is checked using air insufflation. Neck dissection on the right: A curved scar can be seen along the right lateral side of the neck, obviously from the resection of a glomus jugulare tumor. This scar is completely reopened. Sharp transection of the subcutaneous tissue. The sternocleidomastoid muscle cannot be identified. Then, due to the scarring and the altered anatomy, laborious dissection and exposure of the internal jugular vein, the common carotid artery, the vagus nerve, the superior thyroid artery and the digastric muscle. The accessorius nerve cannot be visualized either. The internal jugular vein appears to have been occluded cranially. Multiple pathological lymph nodes can be seen along the cervical vascular sheath, but particularly in region IV and in the deep regions of region V. All pathological lymph nodes are removed while sparing the structures mentioned. A stronger venous vessel with a connection to the internal jugular vein is bypassed caudally. At the end of the operation, after careful hemostasis, dry wound conditions. Extensive wound irrigation with H2O2 and Ringer's solution. Insertion of a Redon drain. Two-layer wound closure.