Introductory consultation with the anesthesia department. Induction of intubation anesthesia. Including laryngoscopic adjustment of the glottic plane and inspection of the glottis and subglottis up to the trachea and main bronchi, where there is no evidence of tumor growth. The patient is then intubated by the anesthesia colleague without any problems. The patient is repositioned for flexible esophagogastroscopy. The flexible instrument is inserted into the oesophagus without any problems and the stomach is visualized, where numerous polyps can be seen, particularly in the gastric antrum. These should definitely be investigated further by an internist. Mirroring back and inspection of the esophagus, which is unremarkable throughout. Reposition the patient and inspect the oral cavity and oropharynx. This reveals an indurated tonsil on the right side with very slight exophytic areas. The other areas are unremarkable. Insertion of the mouth retractor. The suspected infiltration of the right tonsil by a carcinoma is confirmed. Insertion of the velotraction and inspection of the nasopharynx, which is unremarkable. Removal of the mouthpiece. Further screening of the hypopharynx and re-inspection of the larynx. All areas are inconspicuous here. Re-insertion of the tonsil plug and performance of the tumor tonsillectomy. Resection of the anterior palate with the electric needle. Exposure of the upper pole vessels. These are all coagulated. Exposure of the pharyngeal muscles. Resection of the tonsil caudally strictly along the pharyngeal musculature. This also involves partial resection of the posterior palatal arch. The resection is performed on the pharyngeal musculature up to beyond the lower pole of the tonsil, towards the base of the tongue. There, the tumor preparation is deposited with a portion of the tongue base tonsil. Suture marking of the cranial and caudal deposition area and removal of a marginal sample from the anterior and posterior palatal arch. All specimens are sent for frozen section diagnostics and are found to be tumor-free intraoperatively. The staging reveals massive infiltrates of a tonsillar carcinoma, which is apparently removed in toto here. A mucosoplasty was performed. After subtle hemostasis using bipolar coagulation and ligation of a large artery at the caudal tonsil pole, insertion of hydrogen swabs and rinsing with Ringer's solution, the wound is dry. Completion of the procedure. Final consultation with the anesthesiologist. A T1 tonsillar carcinoma is found on the right. The neck dissection of the right side must then be completed in a two-stage procedure.