Induction of anesthesia and bronchoscopic intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Entry with the Kleinsasser tube and inspection of the hypopharynx and larynx. An exophytic mass was found in the arytenoid region, which spread to the aryepiglottic fold and anteriorly to the pouch fold and vocal folds. CT morphological suspicion of thyroid cartilage and soft tissue infiltration on the left side. Using a flexible gastroesophagoscope, the patient is examined and the scope is advanced into the stomach. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions here. The PEG is inserted using the thread pull-through method. A good diaphanoscopy can be seen. Now position the patient. Injection, sterile washing and draping. Applying an apron flap in the usual manner. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle on both sides. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath on both sides. Neck dissection is largely dispensed with in the case of cN0 neck status. Release of the hyoid bone. This is done without any problems. Detachment of the thyroid gland on both sides. Detachment of the oblique laryngeal muscles on the right side, on the left side this must be done carefully due to suspected soft tissue infiltration. Now detach the neck preparation in level VI on the right side, on the left side the neck preparation is integrated into the laryngeal preparation. Cut through the artery, vein and superior laryngeal nerve on both sides. Enter the pharynx on the right side. Then disluxation of the epiglottis and incision of the mucosa, incision behind the arytenoid region, then removal of the larynx below the cricoid cartilage. A tracheotomy was performed beforehand between the first and second tracheal cartilages. The larynx as a whole goes to the frozen section. No invasive carcinoma and no carcinoma in situ in the frozen section. Only suspected moderate dysplasia on the right side, which was not covered by the tumor. Intraoperative demonstration of the defect on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. A joint decision is made not to perform a transplant as the defect is relatively small. Therefore, in the usual manner, the pharynx is sutured in two layers, then a third layer is sutured over it as well as possible using muscle. A left-lateral, dorsal myotomy of the esophageal opening was performed beforehand and the insertions of the sternocleidomastoid muscle were reduced. The apron flap was folded back. Incision of the tracheostoma. Insertion of two Redon drains. Two-layer wound closure. Application of a wrap bandage. Please continue antibiotics for at least 24 hours. Nutrition via the inserted PEG tube. The dressing must be changed daily and should be left in place for a total of one week. X-ray vomiting only on the 14th postoperative day due to the salvage situation.