Positioning of the patient by the surgeon at the start of the operation. Tracheoscopy: Inconspicuous mucosal conditions from the glottic level to the carina. No evidence of exophytic tumor growth. Subsequent intubation of the patient by the surgeon without any problems. Esophagoscopy: Under laryngoscopic control, the esophagoscope enters the stomach without any problems. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions can be seen here. Inversion without any problems. On retraction in the area of the lower esophageal sphincter, tongue-like change in the mucosa. An internal examination is certainly advisable here. Further retraction reveals normal mucosal conditions. No evidence of exophytic tumor growth. Laryngoscopy: In the area of the vocal folds on both sides as well as the anterior and posterior commissure and the entire endolarynx, the mucosal conditions are unremarkable. No evidence of exophytic tumor growth. Pharyngoscopy: Both piriform sinuses on both sides as well as the esophageal entrance and the postcricoid region, the posterior pharyngeal wall, the base of the tongue, the uvula as well as the palatal arches and the tonsil on the right side inconspicuous mucosal conditions. No evidence of exophytic tumor growth. The base of the tongue is also free on palpation. In the area of the tonsil on the left side there is a massive enlargement and induration. Tonsillectomy on the left: The tonsil on the left side is massively enlarged and hardened. Mucosal incision in the area of the upper pole and successive release of the tonsil from cranial to caudal. The posterior palatal arch can be spared. A tonsil capsule in the usual sense can hardly be visualized. The borders of the tonsil are heavily scarred. The entire tonsil is now released with careful hemostasis. Careful bipolar coagulation in the area of the lower pole. Separation of the tonsil. Then first hemostasis with the bipolar. The remaining hemostasis is then performed using ................pur. After waiting approx. 2 minutes, the excess powder is rinsed off and suctioned off. After relaxing, check the wound again. No evidence of further bleeding. The operation was completed without bleeding or complications. Conclusion: Internal clarification of a possible mucosal change in the area of the caudal esophageal sphincter recommended. Otherwise unremarkable panendoscopy. Difficult left tonsillectomy for an unclear mass in the tonsil. Resection in healthy tissue cannot be guaranteed beyond doubt. After demonstrating all findings to <CLINICIAN_NAME>, a radical resection in the presence of lymphoma was dispensed with. Further procedure depending on the histology.