Introductory consultation with the anesthesia colleagues. First of all, the larynx was again positioned and the tumor inspected. Although the tumor extends to the left arytenoid cartilage, it appears to be resectable in principle via a frontolateral partial laryngectomy, despite the fact that hyposclerosis of the left arytenoid cartilage is detectable on CT. Preoperative detailed discussion with the patient. Then repositioning of the patient. Application of local anesthesia above the laryngeal framework. Abjode and cover the surgical area. Now zigzag skin incision in the median line. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue. Cut through the muscles. Exposure of the linea alba and the infrahyoid musculature. Exposure of thyroid cartilage and ligamentum conicum. The patient has a large thyroid gland which extends to the cricoid cartilage. Based on this, expose the thyroid isthmus. Dissection of the thyroid isthmus and ligation of both halves of the thyroid gland. Exposure of the anterior wall of the trachea. Now cut through the conic ligament. Opening of the larynx with the wheel The tumor can be seen in the area of the left vocal fold, which extends to the anterior commissure, but obviously does not spread to the right side. The patient is now intubated and a tube is inserted into the trachea. The tumor is then cut around with a clear safety margin at the level of the vocal folds into the morgue sinus. The subglottic slope is also resected. Now dissect in the direction of the arytenoid cartilage. The vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage is included in the resection and the tumor is removed in the area of the posterior commissure. Several marginal samples are then taken, particularly in the posterior part, all of which are found to be histologically free of tumor. Tissue is removed from the area of the anterior third of the vocal fold on the right, which is also found to be tumor-free in the frozen section. Now careful hemostasis. Closure of the larynx and suturing of a Keel to prevent synechiae. Insertion of a flap. Wound closure in layers and application of a pressure bandage. Completion of the procedure. Final consultation with anesthesia colleagues.