First, induction of anesthesia and transoral endotracheal intubation by the anesthesia colleagues and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Perform a laryngoscopy using a Kleinsasser C-tube. Adjustment of the endolarynx. This revealed an exophytic mass occupying the entire right vocal fold, spreading to the opposite side in the anterior commissure and extending approx. 15 mm subglottically to the right side. Thus, after confirmation of the findings, cervical skin spray disinfection, application of local anesthesia, skin ablation and sterile covering. Creation of a skin incision, cutting of the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Creation of an apron flap cranially up to the level of the hyoid bone or up to the capsule of the submandibular gland on both sides. Exposure of the anterior jugular vein. Exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle on both sides. Exposure of the posterior venter of the digaster muscle on the right. Exposure of the accessorius nerve. Exposure of the omohyoid muscle on the right. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath. Successive removal of the posterior and anterior neck specimen while protecting the above-mentioned structures and the plexus branches. Reposition the patient on the left side to perform the neck dissection. Exposure of the accessorius nerve, the digastric muscle and the omohyoid muscle. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath. Successive removal of the posterior and anterior neck preparation while protecting the above-mentioned structures and the plexus branches. Hemostasis on both sides. Dry conditions. Subsequent exposure of the thyroid cartilage of the cricothyroid membrane, the cricoid cartilage and the anterior wall of the trachea. Exposure and dissection of the thyroid isthmus. Lateral dissection of the trachea and larynx. Perichondrium incision on the thyroid cartilage. Formation of a laterally pedicled perichondrium flap. Skeletonization of the upper horn of the thyroid cartilage. Exposure of the wall of the piriform sinus on both sides. Dissection of the piriform sinus from the inner surface of the thyroid cartilage under a strictly subperichondrial dissection. Subsequent skeletonization of the hyoid bone. Transverse dissection of the base of the infrahyoid musculature. Subsequent visualization of the pre-epiglottic fatty tissue. Exposure of the epiglottis. Exposure of its free edge. Pharyngotomy. Dissection along the lateral epiglottis and then along the aryepiglottic folds on both sides. Maximum protection of the mucosa of the piriform sinus on both sides. Transverse incision postcricoid. Joining of all incisions and subsequent dissection between the trachea and esophagus. Prior to this, an incision was made between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal cartilage clasp and the tracheostoma was epithelized caudally. Problem-free resection of the specimen, which is sent for intraoperative frozen section examination. The intraoperative frozen section examination reveals an R0 situation at all resection margins. Subsequent placement of an 8 mm Provox prosthesis in the typical manner. Dry conditions. Following pharyngeal suturing, a first layer is sutured together at the mucosal level. Care is taken to ensure that the mucosa is completely covered by the suture. A 2nd layer is then created at the level of the submucosa. The muscles of the hypopharynx are then sutured together as the 3rd layer. As the 4th layer, the infrahyoid muscles are sutured together in the midline. The pharyngeal suture is then additionally reinforced using pieces of Tachosil, which were previously cut to size. Dry conditions. Irrigation of the wound using hydrogen peroxide and Ringer's solution. Dry conditions. Placement of a 10 Redon drain on both sides. Completion of the epithelialization of the tracheostoma. Two-layer wound closure. Recannulation of the patient to a size 8 Rügheimer cannula. Completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: Laryngoscopy, total laryngectomy, modified radical neck dissection on both sides of region II to V and insertion of a size 8 Provox prosthesis in a cT3 cN0 G2 squamous cell carcinoma of the right glottis. The intraoperative frozen section examination revealed an R0 situation. Please X-ray pap smear in 10 days and present the patient to our tumor conference after receiving the final histology in order to plan further measures.