Initially induction of anesthesia and performance of a rigid tracheoscopy using 0° optics. Inconspicuous conditions in the trachea up to the carina. Then transnasal endotracheal intubation and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Entry into the endolarynx using a Kleinsasser C-tube. The subglottis was unremarkable, as was the glottis. A small, cystic mass was noticed in the area of the right morgue sinus, which was easily slit using a microscissors. There was a small amount of serous secretion. Repeated inspection. Removal of a part of the cyst wall in the sense of marsupialization and sending the specimen for final histology. Hemostasis with suprarenin-soaked swabs. Pharyngoscopy is then performed using a Kleinsasser C-tube. The piriform sinuses on both sides, the posterior wall of the hypopharynx and the postcricoid region were unremarkable. The posterior and lateral walls of the oropharynx were also unremarkable. A flexible esophagogastroscopy was performed using an endoscope, which was carefully advanced to the stomach under constant insufflation. The entire stomach up to the pylorus was unremarkable. The entire oesophagus was unremarkable. In the same session, a percutaneous endoscopically controlled gastrostomy was performed in the typical manner using the thread pull-through method. This was very successful. Subsequent adjustment of the tumor findings in the oral cavity using 2 self-retaining retractors. Placement of a rein suture and marking of the incision under the tumor findings using an electric needle. Successive removal of the mass at the tip of the tongue. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. The specimen is sent in for final histology with thread marking. Collection of 5 marginal samples (cranial towards the back of the tongue, right lateral, left lateral, caudal towards the floor of the mouth, wound bed). The marginal samples are sent for intraoperative frozen section examination and found to be tumor-free by the pathology colleagues. Thus, an R0 situation in the area of the tip of the tongue can be assumed. Repeated inspection. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Removal of the self-retaining retractors. Then perform a neck dissection on both sides of region I, II, III, initially on the right side. Skin spray disinfection, infiltration anesthesia using 6 ml xylocaine solution with added adrenaline 1:200,000 on the right and 5 ml of the same solution on the left. Mark the incision in a skin fold 2 transverse fingers below the mandible. Cut through the skin and subcutaneous tissue. Expose the platysma. Dissection of the platysma and formation of a cranial and caudal platysma flap, exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the nervus accessorius, the digaster muscle and the omohyoid muscle. Exposure of the submandibular gland. Exposure of the internal jugular vein and the cervical vascular sheath successively. Successive removal of the posterior neck preparation on the right while sparing the branches of the cervical plexus and the accessorius nerve. Hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation. Successive development and removal of the anterior neck preparation. Successive evacuation of region I b around the submandibular gland. Evacuation of region I a. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Now reposition the patient to perform a neck dissection on the left side, region I, II, III. Creation of an incision in a skin fold parallel to the mandibular branch 2 transverse fingers caudal to it. Cut through the skin, the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the nervus accessorius, the digaster muscle and the omohyoid muscle. Exposure of the internal jugular vein and successively of the entire cervical vascular sheath. Exposure and sparing of the cervical vein, as on the opposite side. Successive removal of the posterior neck preparation while sparing the plexus branches and the accessorius nerve. Successive development and removal of the anterior neck preparation. Dissection around the submandibular gland. Successive evacuation of region I b and tracing of the anterior belly of the digaster muscle of region I a. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Placement of a 10 Redon drain on both sides and two-layer wound closure on both sides. Completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: This is a pharyngo/laryngo/tracheoscopy with marsupialization of a cyst in DD laryngocele in the area of the right morgue sinus, placement of a percutaneous endoscopically controlled gastrostomy, transoral, frozen section controlled tumor resection of a tongue tip carcinoma (R0 situation in frozen section) and neck dissection region I, II, III on both sides.