The procedure began with a repeat panendoscopy and examination of the oropharynx and hypopharynx. This revealed an exophytic mass at the base of the uvula on the right side and on the soft palate on the right with a questionable transition to the tonsil. The mucosa is uneasily altered here, but shows no exophytic changes in the area of the tonsil. Now insert the mouth retractor and position the patient for TORS resection. Then start with the incision using a monopolar spatula and the Maryland clamp 5 mm around the incision. Start at the base of the uvula, sparing the midline, extending over the soft palate to the tip of the tendon and the posterior arch of the soft palate. The tonsil is then dissected with a margin of soft tissue so that the pharyngeal muscles are not yet reached. The tonsil is then deposited at the lower tonsil pole. Now take an additional marginal sample at the base of the uvula, which is diagnosed here intraoperatively as free in the frozen section. Other specimen, which was sent in marked with a thread for frozen section diagnosis, was then found to be a carcinoma in situ on the soft palate in the middle to lower third, which is why a resection in the sense of a strip resection of the anterior soft palate was performed. Then another marginal sample is taken in the form of a strip of the anterior soft palate, which is then thread-marked and sent for another frozen section examination. This time the tissue is found to be tumor-free. Therefore, careful hemostasis and subsequent repositioning of the patient for neck dissection on both sides. Now continuation of the operation (neck dissection on both sides) by <CLINICIAN_NAME>, <CLINICIAN_NAME> alternately. Head positioning for neck dissection on the left: Infiltration with 10 ml xylocaine with added adrenaline in the area of the planned skin incision on the left after marking the landmarks in a typical manner. Abjuring and sterile covering of the adjacent areas. Curved skin incision in the area of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Cut through the skin and platysma, then expose the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Dissection of the omohyoid muscle and exposure of the internal jugular vein. The external jugular vein was ligated. Then exposure of the accessorius nerve. Now locate the digastric muscle. After identifying all landmarks, insert the retractors caudally. Then dissection of the internal jugular vein and exposure of the cervical vascular sheath with vagus nerve, internal jugular vein and facial vein as well as the common carotid artery. Protect the above-mentioned structures and clear out the entire posterior neck preparation while protecting the accessorius nerve and the entire cervical plexus. Now dissect anteriorly and expose the hypoglossal nerve, the capsule of the submandibular gland and complete the upper neck preparation. Hemostasis using bipolar, no evidence of bleeding. Insertion of a 10-gauge Redon drain and two-layer wound closure. Transfer to right-sided neck dissection: infiltration with 10 ml xylocaine with added adrenaline and another curved skin incision in the area of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, separation of the platysma, exposure of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Then dissection of the level II cervical lymph node metastasis measuring approx. 4 x 5 cm, which can be easily separated from the internal jugular vein and shows no infiltration of the cervical vascular sheath and the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Then expose the omohyoid muscle, then the accessorius nerve and finally the digastric muscle. Insertion of a caudal retractor and preparation on the anterior side of the internal jugular vein for the posterior neck preparation. Then expose the cervical vascular sheath with vagus nerve, internal jugular vein, facial vein and common carotid artery. The above-mentioned structures are spared and traced up to the cervical plexus. Further dissection of the accessorius nerve in a cranial direction and finally clearing out the posterior neck preparation while sparing the accessorius nerve and all plexus branches. Then dissection and visualization of the hypoglossal nerve and the capsule of the submandibular gland with completion of the anterior neck preparation. Final inspection without further mass, no more evidence of bleeding after hemostasis. Insertion of a 10-gauge Redon drain, then two-layer wound closure. Completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: R0 resection of a cT2 cN2b oropharyngeal carcinoma on the right (transoral robot-assisted) and neck dissection on both sides Level IIa to V. Procedure: Tumor conference.