First of all, after induction of anesthesia, inspection of the findings with 30° endoscopy. The tumor extends from the arytenoid region to the anterior commissure. This is not exceeded and just barely not reached. Tumor grows broadly laterally in the direction of the laryngeal ventricle. Subsequent adjustment of the tumor with the support autoscopy and small bore tube size C. Removal of the tumor in the area of the anterior commissure, whereby this is just exceeded to the right in order to achieve an R0 resection. Lasering anteriorly up to the cartilage and pushing off the tumor. Right anterior margin from subglottic to supraglottic. Subsequent adjustment of the tumor dorsally. Laser the tumor with a safety distance of 3 to 4 mm, as already done in the front. The anterior and middle parts of the arytenoid cartilage are removed. Ablate the tumor from dorsal to ventral. Cartilage is reached laterally. The tumor is ablated just above the perichondrium. Particular attention is paid to a safe distance in the arytenoid cartilage area. Conus elasticus is also grasped caudally. First take a marginal sample dorsally from the area between the arytenoid cartilage and the cricoid cartilage, here extensive soft tissue is taken as a sample. Also mucosal margin sample in the arytenoid region. Further laser removal of the specimen along the perichondrium, taking the paraglottic musculature as far forward as possible. Removal of the specimen. This is thread-marked laterally, dorsally and caudally and sent for frozen section. The removed marginal samples are also sent to the frozen section, all of which are free. The specimen is also free, but just reaches the border laterally in the caudal direction. Therefore, the perichondrium is now removed from the cartilage and a soft tissue layer is removed caudally between the cricoid cartilage and the thyroid cartilage as a lateral-caudal margin specimen. The mucosa is also removed caudally in the area of the conus elasticus. This marginal sample is sent for final diagnosis. Subsequent careful hemostasis. The procedure is completed when the site is absolutely free of bleeding. Overall T1 to 2 glottic carcinoma with coverage of the entire vocal fold on the left and ingrowth in the direction of the laryngeal ventricle. Therefore, inclusion of cranial parts of the pocket fold and soft tissue up to the thyroid cartilage. Overall preparation R0 removed. A resection was carried out in areas where the margins were barely reached. Further procedure depending on the final histology. In any case, plan a follow-up endoscopy in 8 to 12 weeks.