Introductory consultation with the anesthesia department. Initial adjustment with the small bore tube. Attempt to expose this tumor for laser resection. It turns out that due to the size of the tumor and the difficulty of exposure, it is not possible to resect the tumor in this way. As a result, the decision was made to proceed externally. Repositioning of the patient. Insertion of a gastric tube. Abjuring and covering the neck after local anesthesia has been administered prelaryngeally. Transverse skin incision in a skin fold. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue. Exposure of the linea alba. Exposure of the infrahyoid musculature. Exposure of the thyroid cartilage, cricoid cartilage and ligamentum conicum. Coagulation of the cricothyroid artery. Separation of the conic ligament. Opening of the thyroid cartilage in the median line with the wheel. The tumor can be seen in the area of the right vocal fold, which extends to the anterior commissure; suspicious tissue also extends to the left commissure, which is first removed completely so that the left vocal fold is visible. This tissue is sent for a frozen section examination and is assessed as tumor-free. Before opening the larynx, a small lump was removed above the ligamentum conicum. This was the delphic lymph node. This was also sent for a frozen section examination and was also tumor-free. Removal of the perichondrium in the area of the thyroid cartilage on the right front. Careful resection of the tumor. As far as can be assessed intraoperatively in healthy tissue. The resection includes the morgue sinus, the subglottic slope and also includes the tip of the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage. As far as can be assessed intraoperatively, the resection of the tumor is complete. Prior to resection, fluid was injected into the tissue surrounding the tumor in order to lift the tumor from the base. Careful hemostasis. Removal of representative margin samples at all levels. These marginal samples are all found to be tumor-free. Closure of the larynx with three Vicryl sutures after careful hemostasis. Rinsing with water and hydrogen. Reconstruction of the ligamentum conicum. Closure of the infrahyoid muscles above the thyroid cartilage. Insertion of a flap. Wound closure in layers. Application of a pressure dressing. Final consultation with the anesthetist. Completion of the procedure.