After positioning the patient and inserting the TORS barrier and then docking the Da Vinci robot. Start by inspecting the tonsil. An exophytic mass can be seen in the area of the lower tonsil pole, which merges with the tonsil. The upper tonsil pole is far away from the tumor. Resection of the upper pole of the tonsil begins, which is shown here after preparation of the mucosa of the anterior palatal arch. The tonsil is then released from the upper pole. Dissection is performed down to the pharyngeal muscles. The tonsil is then dissected caudally along the pharyngeal muscles, sparing the posterior palatal arch as much as possible. The tumor is then revealed in the caudal part of the tonsil, so that the preparation plane must then also be moved to the posterior pharyngeal wall. The preparation is also performed at the level of the pharyngeal muscles. The dissection is then carried out up to the transition to the base of the tongue, where the tonsil is then placed far caudally from the tumor. Subsequent subtle hemostasis. Now take marginal samples from the ventral and dorsal as well as basal margin. All of these margin samples are found to be tumor-free in the frozen section intraoperatively. If the wound is dry, all instruments are removed and the surgical robot undocked. After repositioning the patient, injection of local anesthetic and adrenaline in the area of the left side of the neck on the front edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Incision and layer-by-layer dissection in depth. Exposure and dissection of the platysma. Further layered dissection in depth and exposure of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Establish the resection margins at the level of the omohyoid muscle and cranially on the digaster muscle. Exposure and sparing of the accessorius nerve. A large metastasis is then seen in the area of the venous angle, which also completely fills the hypoglossal triangle. The neck is then dissected from the posterior edge of the submandibular gland into the hypoglossal triangle. The hypoglossal nerve is exposed and spared together with the cervical profunda. Dissection is then carried out from here via the vein in a lateral direction. In the depth of the hypoglossal triangle, a tiny perforation of the pharynx can be seen, which has occurred here due to the preparation. This perforation is then sutured over twice so that parts of the digaster muscle also cover the perforation well. The cervical vascular sheath is then dissected. Detachment of the lateral neck preparation together with the accessorius triangle while sparing all branches of the cervical plexus on the deep cervical fascia. Then remove the ventral neck preparation. Expose and protect the lymphatic duct in the caudal deposition area. Subsequent subtle hemostasis. The specimen is sent for histopathological examination. Insertion of a Redon drain and then two-layer wound closure. At the end of the procedure, a nasogastric feeding tube is inserted; the patient should be fed via this tube for 5 days postoperatively. The procedure was then completed and the patient was transferred to the ENT intensive care unit after the recovery phase.