First, repeated endoscopy of the oral cavity and oropharynx. From this aspect, this mass appears to be resectable enorally. Demonstration to <CLINICIAN_NAME>, who agrees with this procedure. Now open the oropharynx. Reinforcement of the tongue with a suture. The tumor is now removed from the area of the tongue with continuous digital palpation using the electronic needle and scissors. The entire tumor is sent for frozen section diagnostics. A left tumor tonsillectomy is now performed and a cranio-lateral left mucosal bridge is included in the tumor tonsillectomy. The posterior palatal arch on the left is still in place. Also the uvula and the entire right soft palate. The histologic frozen section diagnosis now shows dysplasia up to carcinoma in situ in the area of the cranio-lateral tonsil preparation. Carcinoma infiltrates can still be seen in the area of the medial tongue and base of the tongue marked with sutures. A re-excision and frozen section samples are now taken from the area of the left tonsil, from the cranio-lateral resection on the left. The entire slice from ventral to dorsal is also excised again from the end of the tongue and submitted for frozen section diagnostics. The frozen section diagnosis now reveals an R0 situation. The tongue is then adapted. Regarding the further procedure, a neck dissection should be performed bilaterally in 14 days. The patient should also be given swallowing training. Conclusion: Endaural tumor resection and tracheotomy for cT3 oral cavity oropharyngeal sidewall carcinoma on the left (tongue margin, tongue base and left tonsil region). The patient was to have a neck dissection on both sides in 2 weeks. In the meantime, the patient should be fed via a PEG tube or receive swallowing training. Tracheotomy (<CLINICIAN_NAME>, <CLINICIAN_NAME> alternately): Transverse incision 2 QF below the cricoid cartilage, transection of the subcutaneous tissue, identification of the prelaryngeal musculature which is pushed to one side. Identification of the thyroid isthmus, which is separated on the right and left. Cut through the thyroid isthmus and tie it off. The trachea is then incised between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal cartilage and a Björk flap is formed. A plastic stable tracheostoma is then created.