Anesthesia is first induced by the anesthesia colleagues. Problem-free tracheoscopy by the surgeon. Inconspicuous conditions up to the caudal carina. Intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Positioning of the patient for tumor resection. Suturing of the tongue after insertion of the Jennings mouth retractor. Repeated palpation of the tumor on the right edge of the tongue at mid-height. The tumor is centrally ulcerated and has leukoplakic changes around the crater. Palpatory size approx. 2 x 1 cm extending into the tongue musculature. Now mark the resectate borders around the tumor using monopolar coagulation. Tumor excision with the electric needle. Multiple hemostasis. A branch of the lingual artery is cut off. The lingual nerve is visible anteriorly, but can be spared. The Wharton's duct is not opened. Subsequent suture marking of the tumor, anterior short-short, tongue surface long-long and underside of tongue/bottom of mouth short-long. Removal of marginal samples. Starting with the mucosal circumference. Superficial marginal sample starting anteriorly with a width of approx. 3 mm and extending posteriorly to the floor of the mouth. Suture mark anteriorly. Border sample oral floor mucosa again from anterior to posterior, suture marking also anterior. Subsequently, take another marginal sample from the wound bed, once anteriorly and once posteriorly. All edge samples are tumor-free in the frozen section. In the meantime, perform panendoscopy. First perform esophagogastroscopy. Here the gastric mucosa is completely unremarkable. In the proximal third of the esophagus, the mucosa is slightly uneven and bumpy, but not suspicious. MLE is then performed. Inconspicuous conditions in the hypopharynx and larynx area. Easy insertion of a nasogastric tube via the right nostril. After receiving the frozen section, the wound edges are adapted using 3.0 Vicryl SH after consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Subtle hemostasis is performed beforehand. Carbostesin is injected into the wound edge for postoperative analgesia. For swelling prophylaxis, administration of 250 mg cortisone, administration of antibiotic prophylaxis 3 g Unacid.