First, after induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, a rigid tracheoscopy is performed using O° optics in the area of the trachea up to the carina. Subsequent problem-free endotracheal transoral intubation with a laser tube and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Entry into the endolarynx with the Kleinsasser B-tube. An exophytic mass was found starting at the transition from the posterior to the middle third of the right vocal fold, affecting the entire vocal fold, reaching the anterior commissure and infiltrating the most anterior part of the left vocal fold via the midline. The supraglottis and subglottis were unremarkable. Thus, cT1b glottic laryngeal carcinoma on the right was emphasized. The remaining left vocal fold was unremarkable. With very good adjustability, decision to perform transoral microscopically controlled laser resection. Demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Setting the CO2 laser to continuous mode with a power of 6 watts. Focusing the laser beam and moving around the pre-existing mass from the posterior starting point under microscopic control of the safety distance. A circumscribed exposure of the thyroid cartilage occurs in the area of the anterior commissure. Circumventing the mass in the anterior third of the left vocal fold and depositing the tumor specimen which is sent in for final histology (short short posterior, short long superior towards the pocket fold, long long anterior towards the anterior commissure). Five marginal samples were then taken, posterior, superior towards the pocket fold, inferior towards the subglottic, anterior commissure, anterior left vocal fold. All marginal samples were sent for frozen section examination. According to the pathologists, all marginal samples were found to be tumor-free. Only in the inferior border sample in the subglottic direction and on the left vocal fold could no statement be made in the frozen section regarding the detection of dysplasia. In order to keep the glottic defect as small as possible and in view of the microscopically unremarkable subglottic region and left vocal fold anteriorly, post-resection was not performed and the final histology should be awaited. Hemostasis with a swab soaked in Otriven. Repeated inspection and, if there was little bleeding, completion of the procedure without complications.