First, position the patient and re-inspect the surgical site with the Kleinsasser tube. The exulcerating lesion described above is seen on the edge of the tongue on the right side in the posterior third. The tongue is indurated up to the base of the tongue. Then insertion of the Lars retractor and suturing of the tongue. Then position the Da Vinci system. A very good overview of the tumor findings is obtained. Then robot-assisted excision of the tumor from front to back. The base of the tongue itself appears tumor-free. The specimen is then thread-marked and sent for histopathological examination. Careful hemostasis is performed in the meantime. A frozen section shows the tumor removed in toto and in sano. The minimum distance to the healthy tissue is 4 mm. Careful control of bleeding again and then removal of the Da Vinci system, the Lars retractor and the tongue suture. Then reposition the patient for neck dissection on the right side with CN0 neck status. Injection of local anesthetic with adrenaline in the area of the anterior sternocleidomastoid muscle. Subsequent incision along the sternocleidomastoid muscle and layered dissection in depth. Cut through the plastysma. The external jugular vein. Further dissection in depth. Then expose the cervical vascular sheath. Locate the omohyoid muscle. Locate the digaster venter posterior muscle. Locate the accessorius nerve. Subsequent exposure of the cervical vascular sheath. Long-distance dissection of the vagus nerve, which is dissected out of its bed in the sense of a neurolysis and moved medially. Long-distance dissection of the accessorius nerve and neurolysis, displacement and re-embedding of the nerve. Then remove the lateral neck preparation in accordance with levels II, III and some IV. Now dissection of the vein angle and level I b. Here, also long-distance dissection of the hypoglossal nerve, which is preserved together with the ansa. Here, too, neurolysis, displacement and re-embedding of the nerve. Preservation of the facial vein. Then complete removal of the anterior neck preparation with all outlets, the internal jugular vein and external carotid artery. The thyroid vein originates from the facial vein. The entire vascular-nerve bundle is also gently dissected and preserved here. Then careful hemostasis. Insertion of a Redon drain. Then two-layer wound closure and dressing. After completion of the procedure and also at the beginning of the procedure, consultation with the anesthesia colleagues. A decision was then made to transfer the patient to the ENT intensive care unit for monitoring.