After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, the surgeon first performs a tracheoscopy. The trachea is freely visible up to the bifurcation. Subsequent intubation by the surgeon without any problems. Entry with the esophagoscope under constant air insufflation into the stomach. Inversion. Inspection of the gastric mucosa. Inconspicuous conditions here. On retraction of the esophagoscope, inspection of the esophageal mucosa. Here, in the area of the cardioesophageal junction, there are clearly irritated conditions in the sense of a chronic reflux problem. This should be clarified internally in the course of the procedure. Now enter with the Kleinsasser tube and inspect the piriform sinuses on both sides, the vallecula, the base of the tongue, the epiglottis and the endolarynx. Inconspicuous conditions here. Inspection of the postcricoid region. Here also unremarkable conditions. Now adjusting with the Mc Ivor spatula. Inspection of the oral cavity. The rough mass can already be felt in the area of the left tonsil. Now dissect the tumor far into the healthy tissue. Start in the area of the anterior palatal arch. Dissection with the electric needle. Finally, the tumor is developed from cranial to caudal. The glossotonsillar groove falls. The mucosa in the area of the alveolar ridge is removed, the bone is not exposed. Ultimately, the tumor is detached from the pharyngeal musculature. An arterial pharyngeal branch and a presumed outlet of the lingual artery are lanced. Finally, the tumor is removed far into the healthy tissue. The removed tumor is thread-marked with short short caudal, short long medial, long long cranial and green thread short short basal. The specimen is sent for final histology. Bipolar hemostasis. The posterior palatal arch could be preserved as far as possible. Relaxing the Mc Ivor spatula, 5 minutes. Re-inspection. No more evidence of further bleeding. The procedure was completed without complications. Conclusion: Overall left tumor tonsillectomy. No evidence of a second malignancy on panendoscopy. An appointment for the left neck dissection has been arranged for <2014>.