Introductory consultation with the anesthesia colleague. Tracheoscopy is performed with 0° optics. The trachea is visible up to the bifurcation, no evidence of a tumor or pathological mass. In the posterior region of the middle third of the vocal folds on the right side, the papillomatous, broad-based mass is visible. Otherwise non-irritated vocal folds on both sides. The surgeon performs intubation without complications. Positioning of the patient and start of esophagogastroscopy. Careful advancement through the esophagus into the stomach while carefully protecting the patient's remaining teeth. Orienting endoscopy in the stomach. The inversion reveals a non-irritated mucosa, no evidence of a tumor, no evidence of bleeding. Aspiration of the air and careful reflection back through the esophagus with constant air insufflation. Irritation-free mucosal conditions here too. Start with panendoscopy. Careful entry with the size C small bore tube. Orienting inspection of the oral cavity. In the case of post-TE, the mucous membrane is non-irritated, the tongue is smooth and there is no evidence of a tumor. Only in the area of the oral vestibule, in the area of the incisors/upper jaw, is there a slightly hyperplastic mucosa, most likely a pressure point of the prosthesis. This does not appear to be suspicious for malignancy. Mirroring into the oropharynx. Irritation-free mucosal conditions here as well. Only the left vallecula shows a retention cyst. This was completely removed. Insertion of a suprarenin-soaked swab. Short wait. The blood is dry. Sinus piriformes can be freely unfolded on both sides, no evidence of tumor. Postcricoid mucosa without irritation. Lingual epiglottis without irritation. The laryngeal epiglottis is also without irritation. Endolaryngeal mucosa without irritation. Now adjusting the glottic plane with the aid of the microscope. This shows the previously described papillomatous, broad-based mass in the posterior region of the middle third of the vocal fold on the right. It hangs on the free edge of the vocal fold and extends to the lower edge of the glottic plane. Primarily not typically suspicious for malignancy. The papillomatous mass is removed sharply at the margins, carefully preserving the vocal ligament. On palpation, there is a slight adhesion of the mass to the vocal ligament. Since, in consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME>, the mass does not appear to be primarily suspicious for malignancy, the vocal ligament is carefully preserved. The tissue is sent for histological processing. Insertion of a suprarenin-soaked swab. Short wait. The blood is dry. After re-inspection of the sampling site, there is no bleeding. The procedure is therefore completed without complications due to dry blood. Final consultation with the anesthesia colleague. Conclusion: Panendoscopy without complications with removal of a left vallecula cyst and removal of an unclear glottic mass on the right. The tissue is sent for histological processing. The findings on the vocal fold on the right do not appear to be primarily suspicious of malignancy microscopically, which is why care is primarily taken to completely spare the vocal ligament during resection. However, if the findings reveal a malignancy, a subsequent resection will certainly be necessary. This can be carried out using a laser if the setting is very good.