First deepening of the anesthesia. Insertion of the laryngoscope blade. Inspection of the trachea with the O° scope and the endolarynx. No abnormal findings here, the trachea appears clear up to the bifurcation. Problem-free orotracheal intubation by the surgeon. Inspection of the endolarynx with the Kleinsasser tube. Here, the pocket folds on both sides are unremarkable, as are the arytenoids on both sides. Postcricoid region without irritation, inconspicuous mucosa. The piriform sinus can be freely unfolded on both sides, no evidence of tumor growth, smooth mucosa. The vocal folds show smooth, inconspicuous mucosa on both sides. Now inspection of the epiglottis and the vallecula, here also unremarkable findings. The base of the tongue is unremarkable on inspection and palpation. Inspection of the oral cavity. Inconspicuous vestibulum oris, tongue also inconspicuous on inspection and palpation. Left glossotonsillar groove unremarkable. Soft palpation of the floor of the mouth. Now inspection of the oropharynx. Left tonsil region unremarkable, posterior pharyngeal wall smooth. Inspection of the right anterior palatal arch reveals an approx. 1.5 cm large, whitish deposit, coarse, palpable. The glossotonsillar groove does not appear to be involved in the process on palpation. Tonsil slightly coarse on the right, but not primarily tumor-suspect. Inspection of the nasopharynx using 70° optics, showing inconspicuous mucosal conditions. All findings are reproduced and confirmed by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Performing the esophagogastroscopy: Easy insertion of the flexible endoscope into the esophagus and visualization of the esophagus into the stomach, where a regular folded relief can be seen. After distension of the stomach, more detailed inspection of the mucosa. This appears atrophic overall. No evidence of ulcer or tumor growth. After aspiration of the insufflated air, careful reflection and examination of the esophageal mucosa. A slightly hypertrophic mucosa was found in the area of the esophagogastric junction, otherwise the mucosal conditions in the rest of the esophagus were unremarkable. Decision by <CLINICIAN_NAME> to perform an excisional biopsy of the suspected tumor lesion as a right-sided tonsillectomy. Tumor resection through <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Insertion of the oral spatula. The tumor in the area of the anterior palatal arch on the right is carefully excised with a safety margin of 0.5 cm. The anterior palatal arch falls, resection up to the alveolar ridge, the periosteum remains covered by soft tissue. In addition, a small part of the base of the tongue is removed. The posterior palatal arch remains completely intact. The excision also includes careful removal of the tonsil. Bipolar coagulation of the lower tonsil pole and finally separation of the complete preparation. This is sent to histology marked with a thread. Macroscopically, the tumor appears to be removed from the healthy tissue. An additional lateral margin sample is taken in the area of the alveolar ridge. Hemostasis with H202 swab and bipolar coagulation. Recheck of the surgical site, no source of bleeding visible. Conclusion: cT1 cN0 oropharyngeal carcinoma on the right. The specimen was thread-marked and sent for histologic processing. Macroscopically, the tumor appeared to be removed in healthy tissue; if the histological situation is also R0, neck dissection can be omitted according to <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Wait for the histolog. Findings and presentation at our interdisciplinary tumor conference.