Induction of anesthesia by anesthesia colleagues. Then intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Sterile washing and draping. Application of an apron flap in the usual manner. Start with neck dissection on the left side. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the digastric and omohyoid muscles. Exposure of the submandibular gland. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath and clearing of neck levels IIa to Va while sparing the plexus branches. Now switch to the opposite side. Here too, expose the sternocleidomastoid muscle, the omohyoid muscle, the digastric muscle and the submandibular gland. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath and evacuation of neck levels IIa to Va while sparing the plexus branches. The nervi accessorius and hypoglossus can be spared on both sides and the facial and external veins are also spared on both sides. Then release the larynx, lower the hyoid bone and retract the infrahyoid muscles. Release of the oblique laryngeal muscles. Release of the piriform sinus on both sides. With separation of the upper laryngeal bundle on both sides, entry into the pharynx from the paramedian right. Disluxation of the epiglottis and cutting along the mucosa at the edge of the epiglottis. It is clear that the tumor is mainly located postcricoidally on both sides and extends far into the esophageal entrance. A relatively large amount of mucosa must be removed from the esophageal entrance as it is infiltrated. The larynx is removed below the cricoid cartilage. Marginal samples are taken from the esophageal entrance and from the pharyngeal side walls. All marginal samples are tumor-free in the frozen section. Now insertion of a Provox-Vega prosthesis in the usual manner. Reduction of the insertions of the sternocleidomastoid muscle and performance of a left lateral myotomy on the esophagus. Then two-layer pharyngeal suture in the usual manner. Adaptation of the pharyngeal muscles as far as possible. Then incision of the tracheostoma and two-layer wound closure after insertion of Redon drainage tubes in the usual manner.