<CLINICIAN_NAME> Tumor resection: First insertion of mouth retractor, followed by tongue tie suture. Using an electric knife and scissors, the tumor is resected macroscopically on all sides with a safety margin of at least 1.5 cm. Resection extends to just below the midline and also includes parts of the base of the tongue and floor of the mouth. Resectate is thread-marked for frozen section assessment. In addition, a lateral margin sample is taken from the alveolar ridge. In the frozen section, all margins after tumor resection in sano also basally. Thus R0 resection. Rearrangement for neck dissection. Dictation <CLINICIAN_NAME> Neck dissection: Positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Ablation of the surgical site and sterile draping. As a basal cell carcinoma has already been resected externally in the area of the left helical attachment, the resection is now performed here at the beginning. Marking of the spindle-shaped resection margins. Subsequent spindle-shaped resection of the clinically macroscopically inconspicuous scar. Inferior suture marking before placement of the post-resection. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Now proceed to neck dissection on the left side. Marking of the mandible and the ascending mandibular branch as well as the jugulum. Identify the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle by palpation. Mark the planned incision on the anterior belly of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, which extends caudally to the lateral side. Make the skin incision and sharply cut through the subcutaneous fatty tissue. Exposure of the external jugular vein and the auricular nerve. For reasons of clarity, the external jugular vein must be cut off and severed later on. However, the auricular nerve is spared. The sternocleidomastoid muscle is then exposed in its course. Dissection of the omohyoid muscle as the caudal border. Blunt dissection of the same up to the hyoid. The accessorius nerve is then exposed and protected. Dissection of the posterior digastric venter muscle as the cranial border. Proceed to dissection of the cervical vascular sheath. Locate the jugular vein at the level of the omohyoid muscle. Then successive dissection along the internal jugular vein cranially to below the digastric abdomen. This reveals a prominent superior thyroid vein. A typical venous angle with a facial vein is not found here. During the dissection, at least 2 clinically macroscopically suspicious lymph nodes are found in region II and in the area of the superior thyroid vein. It was therefore decided to extend the neck dissection on the left side to 5 regions. Subsequent exposure and protection of the hypoglossal nerve. Meticulous clearing of the accessorius triangle and successive development of the lateral neck preparation. Hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation. The medial neck preparation is then developed. This also includes exposure of the submandibular gland. After consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME>, the lingual artery is now explored and ligated twice to prevent bleeding. Hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation. Insertion of a moist abdominal drape. Transition to the right side: Here too, at the beginning of the operation, mark the lower edge of the mandible and the ascending mandibular branch. Make the skin incision in the area of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, which extends caudally to the lateral side. Sharp dissection of the subcutaneous fatty tissue and exposure of the external jugular vein and the auricular nerve. Both structures can be spared intraoperatively. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle in its course. Exposure of the omohyoid muscle as the caudal boundary and blunt dissection of the same up to the hyoid. Subsequent exposure and protection of the accessorius nerve and the posterior venter of the digastric muscle. Proceed to dissection of the cervical vascular sheath. Locate the internal jugular vein at the level of the lower edge of the omohyoid muscle. Successive dissection along the jugular vein and visualization of the vein angle. Dissection of the facial vein up to the submandibular gland including resection of the gland capsule. Subsequent exposure of the common carotid artery and the bifurcation. Subsequent entry into level II b for development of the complete lateral neck preparation. This is performed while sparing the plexus branches. After exposing the hypoglossal nerve, the medial neck preparation is then removed. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Irrigation of the wound using H2O2 and NaCl on both sides. Insertion and insertion of a 10 Redon drain and subsequent two-layer wound closure. Intraoperative frozen section analysis of the post-resection in the area of the left helical attachment showed no residual basal cell carcinoma in the processed frozen section preparation. An R0 resection can therefore be assumed here. Therefore, two-layer wound closure in the area of the helical attachment and completion of the operation without complications. Note: This resulted in a neck dissection on the left in the regions level I b, II a, II b, III, IV and V due to the intraoperative macroscopic suspicion of lymph node metastasis in regions II and III. On the right side, the neck was dissected in levels I b, II a, II b, III and IV. The operation was completed without complications.