After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, direct tracheoscopy is performed by the surgeon. The endolarynx and the trachea down to the carina are found to be normal. The patient is now intubated by the anesthesia colleagues. The surgeon then positioned the patient's head. A team time-out was carried out before the start of the procedure. Now insertion of the mouthguard. Enter with the Kleinsasser C-tube for pharyngoscopy. First, advance the Kleinsasser tube into the hypopharynx and inspect both piriform sinuses down to the esophageal entrance. Here as well as in the postcricoid area inconspicuous mucosal conditions. Now inspection of the larynx. However, there are no abnormalities here, nor in the interaryngeal region. The epiglottis and vallecula as well as the base of the tongue are also unremarkable. Now insertion of the Mc Ivor mouth spatula and initially careful inspection of the oral cavity and palpation, which revealed no further abnormalities. The overall dental status is incomplete. An approximately 1.5 x 1.5 cm large, partly exophytic, partly crater-shaped tumor is now visible in the area of the left-sided uvula base, which macroscopically reaches at least the midline and extends to the left tonsil lobe on the left side. The tonsils themselves are unremarkable on both sides. A right-sided velotracture was performed and the posterior surface of the soft palate was inspected. This is not penetrated by the tumor. Now demonstration of the findings to <CLINICIAN_NAME>, who advises transoral resection in the sense of an excisional biopsy. The tumor is now incised on all sides with the electric needle with a sufficient safety distance of about 1 cm and the tumor is successively released alternately with bipolar coagulation. The uvula falls away completely. The posterior palatal arch can be partially preserved. In the area of the transition to the left tonsil lobe, the resectate is ultimately only very barely in sano macroscopically. Therefore, a generous resection is performed here again. The tumor specimen and the resected specimen are thread-marked and sent for frozen section examination. The frozen section shows the area in question on the main specimen to be only 1 mm in sano, but the resected specimen shows no evidence of carcinoma extension. The resectate is therefore assessed as R0 in the frozen section. Careful hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. After sufficient waiting time, check again for blood dryness, which is present. In the meantime, perform the OED. Under good visualization, pre-mirroring into the stomach. Here the gastric mucosa is unremarkable on all sides. On endoscopy, at most a slight change, consistent with mild reflux esophagitis. After consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME>, a PEG is currently not being used due to the primarily not expected functional problems. The procedure was therefore completed without complications. Repositioning of the patient by the surgeon. Conclusion: R0 resection of a left-sided cT1 uvula carcinoma in a frozen section. An elective neck dissection on both sides is nevertheless indicated and should be planned on the second side. Furthermore, chest X-ray to complete the staging. Presentation of the patient after neck dissection in the tumor conference.