After problem-free induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, the tracheoscopy is first performed with the rigid endoscope. The mucosal conditions in the glottis and subglottis area are normal, the trachea is freely visible up to the carina, with no evidence of a stenosing or exophytic mass. Then removal of the rigid endoscope and intubation by the surgeon. After positioning the patient's head low and inserting a mouth guard, a Kleinsasser C-tube is then carefully inserted. The mucous membrane in the area of the oral cavity, the tonsilloliths on both sides, palatal arches, uvula and the tongue and base of the tongue are found to be free of irritation. Now further advancement into the deep pharyngeal region. Here, the mucosa in the area of the vallecula and the posterior pharyngeal wall is also free of irritation. Now advance into the area of the left hypopharynx, where the mucosa is also without irritation. The left piriform sinus is freely visible up to the esophageal orifice. Now, the right hypopharynx can be seen. Here, a verrucous, partially exophytically growing spherical mass in the sense of a cT1 tumor can be seen at the piriform sinus entrance with transition to the aryepiglottic fold on the right. The .................. hypopharynx on the right up to the esophageal orifice appears clear. Next, the laryngeal region, epiglottis, the folds of the pouch, arytenoid humps and the vocal folds on both sides appear with smooth, non-irritated mucosa with no evidence of exophytic tumor growth. Finally, removal of the Kleinsasser tube and flexible esophagogastroscopy. Easy visualization in the stomach area. Overall, atrophic mucosal conditions are seen here without any indication of an ulcerous or exophytic growing mass. Careful retraction of the flexible endoscope in the area of the gastroesophageal junction, also irritation-free mucosal conditions with no indication of a Barret's esophagus. The mucosa in the rest of the esophagus is also unremarkable. Then removal of the flexible endoscope and insertion of a Kleinsasser tube again after insertion of a dental protector. Now visualization of the verrucous mass again in the area of the right hypopharyngeal inlet and demonstration of the findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. With an overall more clinically malignant aspect, the decision was then made to perform laser resection of the cT1 tumor. The tumor is carefully excised in toto clinically in healthy tissue using the laser. Minor bleeding is stopped using monopolar coagulation. The excised specimen with the verrucous exophytic tumor is then thread-marked for histological examination. Finally, a laser resection is performed at the cranial resection margin, which is also sent for histological evaluation. At the end of the operation, the wound is dry. The patient receives 250 mg SDH intraoperatively. The Kleinsasser tube and the mouth guard are then easily removed and the patient's head is repositioned.