After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, tracheoscopy is performed with the 0° scope. The trachea is clear up to the carina. Now intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. The surgeon lowers the head and inserts the mouth guard. Inspection of the oral cavity, oropharynx, hypopharynx and larynx with the small bore tube. In the oral cavity, an exophytic tumor of the uvula is visible, which is limited to the soft palate and the nasopharynx itself is also free. The tonsil lobe is free. The pharyngeal wall, the hypopharynx, the epiglottis and the endolarynx are also tumor-free. Now remove the small drainage tube and insert the tonsil plug. The complete overview now shows an exophytic tumor of the uvula, which is limited to the soft palate, does not spread to the hard palate and also leaves the nasopharynx and the posterior wall of the nasopharynx free. Demonstration of findings to <CLINICIAN_NAME>, who recommends an excisional biopsy due to the small size of the tumor and to avoid a second operation. This is performed by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. The tumor can thus be completely excised with a safety margin of approx. 1 cm. Punctual hemostasis is performed using bipolar coagulation. The completely extirpated uvula tumor is suture-marked on the left side and a secondary resection is performed on the right anterior palatal arch. Following demonstration of the findings and consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME>, a PEG tube is not inserted as the findings suggest that primary swallowing is possible. Esophagogastroscopy is now performed: the esophageal opening is completely clear and non-irritated, as is the esophageal mucosa. A discrete erosive change in the mucosa can be seen in the stomach, otherwise there is no evidence of tumor growth. When the esophagoscope is withdrawn, the esophageal mucosa is assessed again and found to be free and without irritation. Conclusion: The result was a cT1 oral cavity oropharynx carcinoma, which was removed by excisional biopsy. The further procedure should depend on the histology and the patient's ability to swallow, also in conjunction with the CT findings.