After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, the surgeon first performs a tracheoscopy using the 0 degree scope. Tracheoscopy is only possible up to approx. 1 cm subglottically. Here, the mucosal conditions are unremarkable with no evidence of stenosis. Subsequent nasal intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Start of flexible esophagogastroscopy. Careful screening with the flexible endoscope through the oesophagus into the stomach. Chronic inflammatory mucosa on all sides of the stomach in the form of gastritis with no evidence of exophytic masses. Retraction of the flexible gastroscope and detailed inspection of the esophagus. Mucosal conditions unremarkable on all sides. Position the patient and first inspect the oral cavity. This reveals a carcinoma of the edge of the tongue on the right side, which occupies approximately the anterior third of the tongue and extends just to the midline, appearing coarse on palpation, with no abnormalities on palpation of the floor of the mouth and the base of the tongue. Entry with the type C small bore tube and inspection of the oropharynx and hypopharynx. Epiglottis, vallecula and base of tongue free on both sides, the piriform sinus can also be freely unfolded on both sides, the arytenoid region and postcricoid as well as the esophageal entrance are also free. Endolaryngeal protrusion is extremely difficult even with the type D small bore tube. The anterior commissure cannot be seen, otherwise inconspicuous mucosal conditions and smooth vocal folds without exophytic masses. Subsequent transition to excision biopsy of the right edge of the tongue. Insertion of an oral retractor and looping of the tongue with a Vicryl suture. Marking of the resection margins using monopolar coagulation and palpation. Subsequent excision of the tongue tumor after bipolar coagulation with scissors. Ligation of a small vein in the area of the floor of the mouth and suture marking of the removed tongue resectate. A resectate is obtained in the area of the posterior floor of the mouth. The samples taken are sent for final histology. Finally, careful hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Relaxation of the oral retractor and recheck. The operation is completed without complications or bleeding.