Preliminary consultation with the anesthetist. Then setting up with the tonsil retractor. There is a mass in the area of the right tonsil which does not reach the base of the tongue, extends laterally to just before the lower jaw and obviously does not exceed the upper tonsil pole of the tonsil cranially. Cut around this tumorous mass in the area of the right tonsil. Careful dissection of the tumor, which can be assessed intraoperatively in healthy tissue. The anterior and posterior palatal arch is completely resected and the pharyngeal musculature is partially resected. Careful dissection along the tumor and removal of the tumor in the area of the base of the tongue. Considering the size of the tumor, dissection conditions are considerably more difficult. Careful hemostasis. Sending the specimen for frozen section examination. A resection in healthy tissue is determined. Nevertheless, representative marginal samples are taken at all levels. As far as can be assessed intraoperatively, the tumor is completely removed. The resection extends to the base of the uvula on the right side and also includes the posterior palatal arch, so that the possibility of the patient regurgitating during spontaneous healing cannot be ruled out with certainty. For this reason, no further measures at this time. First wait for the clinical course. Should regurgitation occur, a radial flap would be indicated, so that exploration of the right neck is not carried out at the present time. Initially reconstruction of the posterior palatal arch with parts of the uvula. Suturing of the uvula with its base to the right, resulting in closure of the nasopharynx in the functional sense. Due to the large wound bed, tracheotomy is now indicated. Local anesthesia is placed below the larynx. Abjode and cover the surgical site. Incision. Exposure of the subcutaneous tissue. Exposure of the linea alba, the infrahyoid musculature. Exposure of the thyroid isthmus. Dissection of the thyroid isthmus after appropriate ligation. Exposure of the anterior wall of the trachea. Entering the trachea between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal ring and creating a small tracheostoma. Epithelialization of the tracheostoma and reintubation of the patient. Final inspection of the wound conditions in the mouth area. Dry conditions here. Insertion of a feeding tube. Final consultation with the anesthetist.