First consultation with the anesthetist. Then advance the 0 degree optic through the glottic plane into the trachea. Further advancement into the bronchial system on both sides. No special features up to the exit of the segmental bronchi. No special features when reflecting back in the area of the trachea. Now intubation of the patient. First advance the flexible esophagoscope into the stomach. The mucosal conditions in the stomach and esophagus are normal. Now inspect the hypopharynx on both sides and the postcricoid region. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions here. No abnormalities in the oropharyngeal region either. Pulling up of the soft palate, no special features. No pathological mucosal changes in the nasopharyngeal region or in the oral cavity. Now adjustment of the larynx with the medium-sized small bore tube. In the region of the left larynx, starting from the left vocal cord, there is a mass that extends to just in front of the anterior commissure, into the morgue sinus and extends to the left pouch ligament. This mass extends dorsally to the posterior third of the vocal fold. Tissue is removed from this area and sent for frozen section examination. Histology revealed a squamous cell carcinoma. As discussed with the patient preoperatively, laser resection of this process is now performed. Adjustment with the medium-sized small water tube. The tumor can be well exposed. Now resect the tumor, resecting the vocal fold on the left side from the arytenoid cartilage to the anterior commissure and then resecting the pouch ligament and the morgue sinus upwards. The tip of the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage and the thyroid cartilage are exposed. Bleeding is stopped with monopolar coagulation. As far as can be assessed intraoperatively, the resection is successful in sano. Several marginal samples are taken. Careful hemostasis. Difficult preparation conditions due to often somewhat difficult exposure. Now completion of the procedure. All examinations and manipulations with the aid of the endoscope or microscope. Final discussion with the anesthetist. A control MLE in approx. 6-8 weeks is absolutely necessary. Transfer of the patient to the recovery ward. Completion of the procedure.