After intubation anesthesia of the patient by the anesthesia colleagues, first rigid tracheobronchoscopy as part of the laryngoscopic intubation. If the conditions are normal, the patient can be intubated without any problems. Subsequent endoscopy of the patient's oral cavity, pharynx, hypopharynx and larynx, revealing a highly exophytic mass originating from the left tonsil. Cranial to this mass there are smaller exophytic islands in the mucosal level of the soft palate. These do not reach the uvula. Otherwise, the mucosa is completely normal and inconspicuous in the entire mirror area. A representative sample is then taken for frozen section diagnostics. The findings are diagnosed as a squamous cell carcinoma. Then insertion of the Olympus retractor and exposure of the tonsil together with the tumor on the left side. Then insertion of the robotic arms and start of the TORS resection. The dissection is also performed using a monopolar spatula. Start of resection on the soft palate. Resection is performed up to the parauvular level. First resection laterally in the region of the anterior palatal arch and then dorsally in the region of the posterior palatal arch. Dissection is performed with subtle hemostasis up to the lower tonsil pole. The tumor is then deposited here with a sufficient safety margin below the lower tonsil pole. The specimen is then thread-marked as a whole for histopathological tissue examination. In the frozen section, the finding of an rCIS finding with micro-islands of invasive carcinoma in the area of the margin of the posterior palatal arch, in particular in the caudal region of the margin extending beyond the middle to the cranial side, is found. Subsequent resection of a strip from the posterior palatal arch to the caudal settling area. A strip of mucosa is then removed as a new representative marginal sample, with the suture markings placed cranially in each case. This new marginal sample is then also found to be tumor-free intraoperatively as a frozen section, so that an R0 resection can now be assumed here. Now that there is a somewhat larger defect in the posterior palatal arch, a uvuloplasty is performed to reconstruct the posterior soft palate. This is then followed by subtle hemostasis and removal of the robotic instruments. After checking the bleeding again, the oral retractor is also removed. The patient is then repositioned for neck dissection on the left side. Here, the skin incision is first made along the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Then dissect in depth in layers and expose the neck vessel sheath. Free preparation of the cervical vascular sheath and preparation of the lateral neck preparation as well as preparation of all resection borders in the sense of the omohyoid muscle, the capsule of the submandibular gland and the digaster muscle. A suspicious lymph node change can then be seen in the accessorius triangle. This area is then initially removed here in the sense of a level IIa evacuation while sparing the accessorius nerve. Then further development of the entire lateral neck preparation in the sense of level III and IV. Then clearing of the hypoglossal triangle while sparing the hypoglossal nerve and the branches of the external carotid artery and internal jugular artery in the sense of clearing Level Ib and the posterior margin Level Ia. Then complete dissection of the anterior neck preparation in the sense of level V, also with careful dissection of the branches of the external carotid artery and internal jugular artery. Subsequent subtle hemostasis and irrigation of the wound. Insertion of a Redon drain and subsequent two-layer wound closure and dressing. The patient is then extubated without any problems after the procedure has been completed. Further procedure depending on the final histopathological findings.