After active patient identification, the patient is taken to the operating room. Induction of anesthesia and intubation by the anesthesia colleague after an inconspicuous tracheoscopy by the surgeon. Carry out the team time-out. Start of oesophagogastroscopy: problem-free insertion of the endoscope into the oesophagus and advancement into the stomach. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions on all sides. The mucosa in the esophagus is also normal. Then carry out the panendoscopy: first inspect and palpate the oral cavity, tongue, base of the tongue and floor of the mouth. A tumor measuring approx. 1 to 1 ˝ cm is palpated in the left tonsil. Otherwise unremarkable findings. Now insertion of the mouth guard and insertion of the size C small bore tube. Tonsil lobe on the right and base of tongue as well as vallecula with epiglottis are unremarkable. Inconspicuous hypopharynx. Inconspicuous endolarynx. Now irrigation of the endolarynx with sodium chloride by <CLINICIAN_NAME> (<STUDY_NAME> study). Then proceed to tumor tonsillectomy on the left side: insertion of the McIvor oral spatula. The carcinoma is exophytic in the lower half of the left tonsil, with no evidence of deep infiltration. Therefore, initially start as for normal tonsillectomy with parauvular mucosal incision and dissection of the capsule. Exposure of the upper pole vessels and bipolar coagulation as well as removal of the upper pole vessels. Then dissect along the capsule up to about half of the tonsil. Subsequently, in the area of the lower half of the tonsil, where the carcinoma is located, work is carried out at a distance of approx. 0.5 to 1 cm, both in terms of the mucosa and the depth. Therefore, the muscles of the palatine arch were taken to the depths and the excision extended to the base of the tongue. Repeated bipolar coagulation of several vessels. At the end, a prominent vessel is stitched twice. The removed tonsil is then examined. A PE for the <STUDY_NAME> study is obtained from the middle of this. Otherwise, the resectate distance to the healthy person in the caudal area is relatively small at approx. 4 to 5 mm compared to the other margins. Therefore, resectate in the caudal mucosa area. Both specimens are now sent for frozen section. Subsequently, with protracted bleeding from the base of the tongue, a deep incision is also made here after multiple bipolar coagulation and continued bleeding. Subsequently dry conditions. The operation was therefore completed at this point without complications. Conclusion: cT1 tonsillar carcinoma on the left. Computed tomography cN0 neck status, sonography also cN0, but with a suspicious nodus in level II on the right that is worth checking. In addition, several thyroid nodules, some without ......... and microcalcifications, therefore nuclear medicine clarification recommended here (scintigraphy unfortunately only possible in 2 ˝ months due to the CT scan performed). Due to the suspicious nodus in level II on the opposite side, primary advice for selective neck dissection on both sides.