After appropriate preparation, first perform the microlaryngoscopy. Adjustment of the endolarynx with the Kleinsasser B and JA tube. Demonstration of the findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. This shows tumor growth in the area of the right vocal fold, which occupies the entire right vocal fold and extends to the vocal process. Towards the anterior commissure, this appears to be reached. Laterally, the tumor is palpable in the area of the ventricle. Subsequently, a decision was made to perform an open partial laryngectomy. Subsequent sterile washing and draping. Serrated vertical skin incision with exposure of the prelaryngeal musculature, which is pushed apart along the linea alba. Then expose the laryngeal skeleton by pushing the cricothyroid muscle from the lower edge of the cricoid cartilage to the thyrohyoid membrane. Incision of the periosteum or perichondrium so that a right pedicled perichondrium flap of the thyroid cartilage is formed. Enter the subperichondrial layer in the area of the thyroid incisura and dissect caudally. Then pass through the thyrofissure in the median plane so that the thyroid cartilage can be pushed apart. There is no clinical evidence of infiltration in the area of the anterior commissure. Entry into the interior of the larynx in the area of the thyroid incisura. From here, the incision is first made caudally in a vertical direction and the anterior commissure is included in the resection. In this way, the tumour can be successively visualized. The resection proceeds to the right, including the perichondrium in the area of the medial half of the right half of the thyroid cartilage. The tumor is then removed caudally in the area of the subglottis as well as cranially, whereby the resection includes parts of the ventriculus laryngeus. Finally, the tumor and thus the entire vocal fold is removed dorsally using the Kittel scissors with resection of the vocal process on the arytenoid cartilage. Macroscopically, the resection margins are not suspicious. The entire specimen is then thread-marked and mounted on cork for a frozen section histological examination. The dorsal part of the subglottic resection margin still shows carcinoma extensions. A subglottic dorsal resection is therefore performed. Lateral to this resection, further marginal samples are taken as well as a further marginal sample in the area of the remaining arytenoid cartilage. These proved to be free of tumor and dysplasia in the frozen section histological examination, so that an R0 resection can be assumed here. Finally, careful hemostasis by bipolar coagulation. Sealing of the wound surface on the right side with fibrin glue. Drill holes are made for readaptation of the thyroid cartilage. Insertion of a Keel after appropriate individual modeling. Readaptation of the thyroid cartilage skeleton at the previously created cranial and caudal drill holes. Refixation of the ligamentum conicum to the caudal edge of the thyroid cartilage. Knock-back of the perichondrium flap, which is additionally fixed with fibrin glue. Multi-layer wound closure of the straight prelaryngeal musculature after insertion of a drainage flap. Finally, multi-layer skin suture. Sterile wound dressing. End of the operation and transfer of the patient to anesthesia after placement of a nasogastric feeding tube and microlaryngoscopic control of the dry wound bed endolaryngeally. Conclusion: Complete right chordectomy for right vocal fold carcinoma via thyrofissure. Inclusion of the anterior commissure as well as the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage. Control microlaryngoscopy in 8 weeks.