Introductory consultation with the anesthesia department. Intubation of the patient. Application of local anesthesia. Transverse skin incision over the larynx. Dissection in layers down to the prelaryngeal muscles. This is cut in the midline and dissected to the side. Exposure of the thyroid cartilage plate. Exposure of the cricoid cartilage. Exposure of the ligamentum conicum. Opening of the ligamentum conicum in the sense of a transverse incision. Opening of the thyroid cartilage in the midline with the wheel. Insertion of the retractors. It can be seen that the tumor reaches right up to the anterior commissure, but does not appear to exceed it. The anterior commissure has thus been opened beyond the tumor. Nevertheless, a marginal sample was taken from the left anterior commissure. Subsequent re-inspection of the tumor. This is easily displaceable in relation to the thyroid cartilage. Therefore, the tumor, which reaches the vocal process here and can be removed there, was cut around. In the upper area, the tumor does not reach the pocket fold. Only slight infiltration of the subglottic slope towards the lower margin. The tumor is macroscopically resected in sano on all sides. Removal of marginal samples from the upper and lower margins of the deposit as well as separately from the front and deep front. Together with the margin sample from the opposite side, these are sent for frozen section examination. Based on the intraoperative findings, the R0 resection is confirmed by pathology. Subtle hemostasis. The tube had been removed orotracheally during the operation and the patient had been reintubated to an endolaryngeal tube from the outside. Using the Seldinger technique, reintubation to an orotracheal tube at the end of the operation with a dry wound. Then closure of the larynx with two mattress sutures and suturing of the ligamentum conicum. Insertion of a wound flap. Closure of the prelaryngeal muscles in the midline. Continuous suture here. Two-layer wound closure. Application of a pressure dressing. Final consultation with the anesthetist. Completion of the procedure.