During induction of anesthesia, first head positioning and nasotracheal intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Subsequent inspection of the oral cavity after suturing the tip of the tongue. The previously described exophytic process of the posterior edge of the tongue on the right with transition to the right tongue base, the glossotonsillar groove or the lower tonsillar pole on the right is seen. Demonstration of the findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME> and determination of the resection margins. On palpation, the tumor extends into the base of the tongue with a cone, but is superficial towards the tip of the tongue or the anterior edge of the tongue. Now dissect the tumor with sufficient safety distance using bipolar coagulation and scissors from anterior to posterior. The tumor cone described above can be seen in the base of the tongue, resulting in a deeper resection in the sense of a one-third resection of the base of the tongue. In addition, the suspicious mucosal area towards the oropharyngeal side wall or tonsil is resected in the sense of a tumor tonsillectomy after further consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME> with a sufficient macroscopic safety margin. Hemostasis with bipolar coagulation and H202. Subsequent removal of circular margin samples, anterior tongue margin, lower tongue margin, upper tongue margin, tongue base and pharyngeal wall. These are all found to be tumor-free in the frozen section. It can therefore be assumed that the resection was R0 on the basis of markoscopy and microscopy. Now demonstration of the findings and discussion with <CLINICIAN_NAME> and <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Indication for level I to V neck dissection on the right and level II to V on the left. Start with neck dissection on the right: repositioning of the patient, infiltration anesthesia and skin incision on the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle with an auxiliary submental incision. Dissection through subcutaneous tissue and platysma, on the sternocleidomastoid muscle in depth. Exposure of the omohyoid muscle, the digastric muscle, the prelaryngeal musculature, the internal jugular vein in its course, the facial vein, the common carotid artery with division into external and internal. The accessorius nerve, the hypoglossal nerve, the deep cervical artery and the branches of the cervicobrachial plexus, these structures are all spared and the lateral neck preparation is now cleared out caudally starting at the accessorius triangle. Several enlarged nodes can be seen. There is also a nodule in the medial neck preparation, here appearing suspiciously in the vein angle. Clearing of the medial neck preparation and further preparation with removal of the capsule of the submandibular gland anteriorly and submentally, here clearing of the fatty tissue, but no suspicious findings on palpation. Overall clinical findings of cN1 status on the right. Then turn to the left side. Here too, skin incision on the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. After infiltration anesthesia, dissection in depth, exposing the structures mentioned on the right side. Here too, protection of the same and dissection of the median and lateral neck preparation. Finally, hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. H202 and ring irrigation as well as repeated demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME> if the surgical site is free of bleeding. Insertion of a Redon drain and two-layer wound closure and wound dressing. Finally, re-inspection of the oral cavity, here no further bleeding and adaptation sutures in the area of the right edge of the tongue up to the base of the tongue. Completion of the procedure without bleeding or complications. Transfer of the patient to the intensive care unit, where the file is also taken.