Induction of anesthesia by the anesthetist. Creation of an apron flap in the usual manner, then start with neck dissection on both sides, initially on the right side. Visualization of the sternocleidomastoid muscle anterior border, the omohyoid muscle, then the submandibular gland. Exposure of the accessorius nerve, the internal jugular vein, clearing of levels II, III, IV and V. Turning to the opposite side. Analogous procedure here. Enlarged lymph nodes can be seen on both sides. Then locate the hyoid bone, expose the hyoid bone. Release the hyoid muscles with the monopolar knife. Then skeletonization of the larynx, initially on the right side, exposing the posterior horn. Then release and dissection of the laryngeal musculature. Analogous procedure on the opposite side. Removal of the periosteum and removal and release of the piriform sinus. Exposure and release of the thyroid gland. Then perform a small pharyngotomy and pull out the epiglottis. Incision of the mucosa on both sides of the epiglottis along the aryepiglottic fold and behind the arytenoid region. Then release the entire larynx so that it is only attached to the stoma stump. Now call in <CLINICIAN_NAME> who mobilizes the trachea, pulls it upwards, removes the paratracheal and mediastinal lymph nodes and takes a marginal sample from the upper remaining tracheal clamps and sends it to the frozen section marked with sutures. The larynx is removed and also sent to the frozen section marked with sutures. The pathologist can no longer see any carcinoma in the marginal area. The trachea is first epithlized with the skin at the anterior margin. Then turn to the pharynx and begin with the pharyngeal suture in the usual 3-layered manner. First place the marking and corner sutures in the upper and lower area. Perform the first pharyngeal suture inverted. Then transfer of the 2nd pharyngeal suture and then suturing of the 3rd layer, which is formed by the constrictor pharyngis. Insertion of Redon drainage tubes and refixation of the apron flap in two layers and completion of the tracheostoma. Insertion of a 10 mm tracheostomy tube. Now clearing of neck level VI. At the very beginning of the operation, a PEG was placed in the usual manner using the suture pull-through method. Conclusion: Please continue postoperative antibiotics for 24 hours. Do not reclinate the head for a week and on the 10th day, X-ray broad swallow and removal of the nasogastric tube if there is no fistula.