After active patient identification, the patient is brought into the operating theater. Carrying out the team time-out. Introductory consultation with anesthesia colleagues. Induction of anesthesia. Transition to rigid tracheoscopy. Passing the glottis and entering endotracheally. Mucosal conditions are unremarkable on all sides up to the exit of the segmental bronchi. Withdrawal of the endoscope and subsequent intubation of the patient. Fixation of the tube. Transition to esophagogastroscopy. Move the flexible endoscope into the stomach under visualization with constant air insufflation. An uneven mucosal relief can be seen in the area of the cardia; this should also be assessed gastroenterologically at intervals. After desufflation, slowly withdraw the endoscope with circular inspection of all esophageal sections. Inconspicuous conditions here. Remove the endoscope. Proceed to laryngoscopy. First position the patient in head reclination. Insertion of the mouth guard. Enter with the Kleinsasser tube. With the aid of the support autoscopy and the surgical microscope, an extensive leukoplakic change of the entire left vocal fold is revealed. A microlaryngoscopically controlled decortication of the left vocal fold from the vocal process to the anterior commissure is now performed. The preparation is sent for histological processing. Hemostasis by insertion of a suprarenin-soaked laryngeal swab. Final inspection of the piriform sinus on both sides and the postcricoid region. Inconspicuous conditions here. The same applies to the supraglottic region and the vallecula. In the region of the oropharynx, there is an apparently superficially growing, highly suspicious change on the left side. This extends from the anterior palatal arch over the glossotonsillar groove to the alveolar ridge of the last molar. Palpatory superficial growth. The tumor is now resected transorally in the sense of an outgoing excision biopsy. Circular marginal samples are also taken. Hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation. Dry wound bed at the end of the operation. Final consultation with the anesthesia colleagues and completion of the operation without complications. Note: Extensive leukoplakia in the area of the left vocal fold. In addition, oropharyngeal carcinoma on the left, which was resected transorally in the sense of an extended excision biopsy. In addition, intraoperative esophagogastroscopy revealed a finding in the area of the gastroesophageal junction that was worth checking. This should be promptly assessed by the gastroenterology colleagues.