After active patient identification, anesthesia is first induced by the anesthesia colleagues, rigid tracheobronchoscopy using O° optics and intubation by the first surgeon. Then transition to esophagogastroscopy, here insertion of the esophagoscope using a laryngoscope, passage of the upper sphincter is successful without any problems. Pre-mirroring into the stomach, air insufflation there by inversion, inconspicuous mucosal conditions on all sides. After aspiration of the air, slowly move back with the esophagoscope and inspect the gastroesophageal junction and the entire esophageal wall. Unobtrusive aspect on all sides. Enter with the Kleinsasser tube size C. In the edentulous maxilla, inspection of the oropharynx, hypopharynx and larynx as well as the base of the tongue. Inconspicuous aspect on all sides. There is no mass, smooth mucosa on all sides with very good visibility overall, final palpation of the base of the tongue without pathological findings. Now insertion of a spandex mouth retractor and suturing of the tongue, inspection of the tongue. Here, on the left, the previously described, coarsely palpable, but well demarcated from the surrounding tongue tissue and also well displaceable in relation to it, a mass approx. 5 x 3 cm in size and approx. 2 cm thick, in the anterior and upper 2/3 smooth aspect, caudal whitish verrucous aspect, overall not contact-vulnerable. After demonstrating the findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>, this was carefully excised from anterior to posterior in the healthy tissue using a diode laser and sent for histological processing with a suture marker. Subsequently, circumscribed hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation and injection of 3 ml bupivacaine in the area of the lingual nerve for postoperative analgesia, after consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME> no frozen section and no marginal samples in the case of an overall rather benign aspect with e.g. papilloma or irritation fibroma in the area of the mandibular denture. Please proceed further after receiving the final histology.