After induction of anesthesia, tracheoscopy is performed with 0° optics. Apart from the tumor described above, there are no other abnormalities. Now orotracheal intubation by the surgeon. Now proceed to microlaryngoscopy. This reveals an exophytic mass of the left vocal fold, which affects the anterior two thirds of the vocal folds and also reaches the vocal process; in addition, the mass infiltrates the anterior commissure and also extends approx. 5 to 6 mm into the subglottic outlet towards the subglottic. The finding <CLINICIAN_NAME> is now demonstrated, which still advises external surgery. Injection of 10 ml xylocaine with adrenaline in the anterior neck followed by a zigzag incision along the larynx. Dissection through subcutaneous tissue and platysma. Exposure of the prelaryngeal musculature and spreading in the midline. Expose the thyroid cartilage, which is dissected from cranial to caudal and the cricoid cartilage is also exposed. Now cut the perichondrium paramedian to the right side and dissect out the perichondrium with the freer to the left. The thyroid cartilage is then dissected in the midline using the ............... Now open the larynx from the cranial side. The tumor described above is clearly visible and it can also be seen that the very anterior part of the right vocal fold is also affected, which is why the resection is also performed a few millimetres in the area of the right vocal fold. The larynx is then opened further and the incision is continued caudally to the cricothyroid membrane. The scalpel is now used to make the incision in the subglottic area of the left side. Then cut through the vocal fold directly in front of the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage and continue the incision in the area of the pocket fold, as the tumor is also growing into the morgue sinus. Then partially dissect the perichondrium of the inner side of the thyroid cartilage only in the anterior region in order to maintain a good distance from the tumor. The tumor is then resected along the paraglottic musculature. After complete resection of the tumor, meticulous hemostasis is performed. Six marginal samples are then taken: from the left vocal fold, the left vocal process, the left subglottic, the left wound bed, the right vocal fold and the right vocal fold - all are subsequently found to be tumor-free. After further consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME>, a tracheotomy was not performed. Now 4 drill holes are made with the Lindemann reamer and then, with the help of two 3-0 Ethilon sutures, the size 12 Keel is placed in the typical manner. Finally, the perichondrium from the left side is used to better close the supraglottic area of the larynx and then the cricothyroid membrane is readapted again using 3-0 Vicryl sutures. A flap is created, the prelaryngeal muscles are readapted and the wound is closed in two layers using 3-0 Vicryl and 5-0 Ethilon sutures, which can be removed after 1 week. The patient received intraoperative Sobelin, which can be continued for 5 days. In addition, a gastric tube is placed, which should also be left in place for 5 days. The patient's swallowing function should be checked before re-oralization.