After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, the surgeon first positions the patient's head for endoscopic inspection using a C-tube after insertion of a mouth guard, in which the slightly exophytic mass is seen as described above on the right anterior palatal arch over the lower pole of the tonsil with transition to the base of the tongue on the right; no transition in the middle or to the left and no deep infiltration on palpation. Other findings were also identical to the panendoscopy. Initial positioning of the tumor with the LARS retractor, which was successful, and insertion of an epipharyngeal abutment. Enormous positioning of the camera arm and the 5 mm arms with setting up of all cannula remote centers before insertion of the collision-free instruments. Now start dissection at the cranial beginning of the tumor in the area of the anterior right palatal arch using Maryland Dissector (left arm) and Monopolar (right arm) and gradual tangential dissection caudally with sufficient safety distance. Intermittent hemostasis using a monopolar and at the caudal tonsil pole using a vascular clip with a pulsating artery. Finally, marginal samples on the right anterior palatal arch, right anterior base of the tongue, middle base of the tongue and posterior base of the tongue, which are free of tumors on all sides in the frozen section. Final check without evidence of bleeding. Positioning for neck dissection on the right. Infiltration with a total of 8 ml Ultracaine 2% Suprarenin (0.006 mg/ml) in the area of the planned skin incision at the anterior border of the MSCM. Abjode and cover the adjacent areas. Skin incision on the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Separation of the skin and platysma, ligation of the external jugular vein, exposure of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Finding the internal jugular vein. Dissection of the omohyoid muscle and exposure of the posterior venter of the digastric muscle, as well as exposure of the accessorius nerve. Insertion of the retractors and preparation of the internal jugular vein for the posterior neck preparation. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath with vagus nerve, internal jugular vein, vagus nerve, common carotid artery and later the hypoglossal nerve. Then clear out the entire posterior neck preparation, sparing the accessorius nerve and the entire cervical plexus, as well as the above-mentioned structures. Now dissect anteriorly to expose the hypoglossal nerve and complete the anterior neck preparation. No pathological lymph nodes can be seen macroscopically in the preparation. Finally, localized hemostasis with bipolar and insertion of a 10-gauge Redon drain on the right, then two-layer wound closure. The procedure was completed without complications. Conclusion: R0 tumor resection (TORS) of a cT2 cN0 tonsil-tongue base cancer on the right and selective neck dissection on the right level II-Va. Procedure: Re-presentation for discussion of the histologic findings and presentation of TUKO with question of adjuvant therapy, possibly PEG placement.