After induction of anesthesia and nasal intubation by the anesthesia colleagues, the Kleinsasser tube is inserted. An exophytic tumor measuring approx. 3 x 1 cm was found on the right edge of the tongue in the posterior part. Palpatory identification of the deep extension. Mirroring to the oropharynx, here inconspicuous mucosal conditions on all sides, also in the hypopharynx, piriform sinus can be freely unfolded on both sides, glottic plane free, also the interary region, postcricoid region and posterior pharyngeal wall. Enter with the esophagogastroscope. In the esophagus, the mucosa is normal on all sides, no evidence of tumor growth. Mirroring forward to the stomach, no tumor growth here either. Air insufflation and diaphanoscopy. Subsequent placement of the PEG tube according to the thread pull-through method in the typical manner. Withdrawal of the esophagogastroscope. Insertion of the mouth blocker and placement of a retaining suture on the tongue. Pulling out the tongue. Defining the resection margins with the electric knife and successive excision of the tumor with careful hemostasis and bipolar coagulation. Intraoperative demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Suture marking of the specimen and sending the specimen in toto for frozen section diagnostics. It is found to be tumor-free with a sufficient safety margin. Once again careful hemostasis with Octenisept swab application and bipolar coagulation. Now turn first to neck dissection on the right: sterile draping of the patient. Curved skin incision on the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid, separation of the platysma. Exposure of the anterior margin of the sternocleidomastoid. Exposure of the digastric muscle. Identification of the accessorius nerve, which is rather weakly developed. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath with internal jugular vein, common carotid artery, identification of the vagus nerve. Successive exposure of the internal jugular vein from caudal to cranial. Now carefully detach the lateral neck preparation while protecting the plexus branches. At least 2 conspicuous nodes from level 2 are removed. Now expose the submandibular gland, follow the facial vein, this results in a vein tear, therefore ligation of the facial vein. Identification of the hypoglossal nerve and protection of the same. Now successive removal of the anterior neck preparation while sparing the structures mentioned. Careful hemostasis with bipolar coagulation. Wound irrigation using hydrogen and Ringer's solution. Insertion of a Redon drain. Subcutaneous suture. Skin suture. Turning to the left side of the neck. Here too, curved skin incision on the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, separation of the platysma, exposure of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, exposure of the digastric muscle, exposure of the submandibular gland, identification of the hypoglossal nerve. Now explore the cervical vascular sheath, revealing an internal jugular vein located very far laterally next to the common carotid artery. Identification of the vagus nerve, protection of the structures mentioned. Free preparation of the facial vein. Identification of the accessorius nerve. The accessorius nerve is also rather weak on this side. Now successive detachment of the lateral neck preparation while sparing the plexus branches. Then release the anterior neck preparation while protecting the structures mentioned. Careful hemostasis with bipolar coagulation. Wound irrigation using hydrogen and Ringer's solution. Insertion of a Redon drainage. Subcutaneous suture. Skin suture. Now return to the edge of the tongue wound. Once again careful hemostasis with bipolar coagulation. Application of Tabotamp and adaptation of the wound edges as far as possible to prevent bleeding. Re-inspection of the base of the tongue, no relevant swelling is seen here. The operation is therefore completed without bleeding and without complications.