After the team time-out, intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Head positioning by the surgeon. Entering with the tonsil retractor. On palpation, the tonsil on the right is very hard. Therefore indication for tumor tonsillectomy on the right side. After medialization with forceps, resection of the right tonsil with sufficient safety distance and removal of a mucosal portion of the anterior and posterior palatal arch. Perform using the dissection technique, deep to the base of the tongue. Here, set down after focal bipolar coagulation. Taking marginal samples from the anterior palatal arch and the posterior palatal arch, as well as from the base of the wound and the base of the tongue, which are sent for histological assessment and frozen section. From the frozen section diagnosis, the tumor specimen is R0-resected and the marginal specimens are also clear on all sides. Transition to neck dissection on the right side. After injection of 10 ml Ultracaine with Suprarenin, sterile draping. Additional application of a skin film and marking of the landmarks and the incision in extension of the old scar. Incision and dissection up to the platysma. Exposure of the anterior margin of the sternocleidomastoid. The tissue is heavily scarred, especially cranially, so start on the caudal side in level IV. First, expose the omohyoid muscle as the border of the neck dissection. Dissection of the anterior part of the sternocleidomastoid and dissection of the internal jugular vein into the caudal scarred tissue. Detachment of the vein and removal of the neck preparation from caudal to cranial, by detaching the scarred cords and identification of the already exposed accessorius nerve. The hypoglossal nerve can also be seen on the lower edge of the digaster venter anterior muscle. Exposure of the capsule of the submandibular glans and the plexus branches. Now resection of scar tissue and the neck preparation with evacuation of regions Ib, IIa, IIb, III, IV and Va and removal of the same while protecting the exposed nerves. Re-inspection of the wound. Irrigation with H2O2 and Ringer. Insertion of a miniredon. There is no evidence of further bleeding. Two-layer wound closure in the usual manner. Re-inspection of the tonsillar lobe on the right. There is no evidence of further bleeding and the procedure is completed without complications.