Initially induction of anesthesia and transoral endotracheal intubation by the anesthetist and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Skin disinfection of the operating area. Skin ablation and sterile draping. Creation of an approx. 5 cm long incision in a skin fold at the level of the thyroid cartilage, separation of the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Formation of a subplatysmal flap cranially and caudally. Exposure and transection of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline. Exposure of the cricothyroid vein and the cricoid cartilage. Clearing of the upper region VI, including the Delphic lymph node. The specimen is sent for final histology. Subsequent visualization of the lipoma in the area of the incision. Removal of the same in toto. The specimen is also sent for final histology. Subsequently, visualization of the incision paramedian on the left side of the perichondrium. Removal of the perichondrium from the cartilage using Freer. Subsequent transverse incision of the thyroid membrane and the ligamentum conicum. The laryngeal lumen is thus reached subglottically. Followed by median thyroidectomy using a wheel. Cut through the endolaryngeal mucosa and reach the laryngeal lumen in the supraglottis and glottis area. Inspection of the endolarynx. There is a pronounced exophytic mass with clear access to the anterior commissure and the mucosa of the posterior vocal process. In addition, rough mucosa in the area of the anterior third of the left vocal fold. Incision of the endolaryngeal perichondrium of the thyroid cartilage. Push it down to the cartilage and then successively dissect out and resect the findings on the right with a large safety margin. The specimen on the right side is then sent in for final histology with a suture marker. Subsequent resection of the ............................................. mucosa in the area of the anterior third of the left vocal fold. The specimen is also sent in thread-marked for final histology. Subsequently, 5 marginal samples are taken (right supraglottis, right arytenoid region, right subglottis, left supraglottis, left subglottis), all marginal samples are found to be tumor-free by the pathology colleague. Hemostasis there using bipolar coagulation. Drill holes are made in the thyroid cartilage. Adaptation of a 14-gauge Keel foil, which works well. The extralaryngeal perichondrium is then sutured together over the Keel prosthesis as the first layer. Suturing of the cricothyroid membrane and the ligmantaum conicum. Creation of a flap. Suture adaptation of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline. Platysma suture. Single button skin suture. Application of a steristrip bandage and a strip bandage, completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: cT2 cN0 G2 resected glottic laryngeal carcinoma on the right in a frozen section R0. In addition, extirpation of a right paramedian neck lipoma and of the upper region IV including the delphic lymph node. Please continue antibiotic treatment with Clindamycin 600 4 x daily for the next 5 days and feed the patient via the inserted nasogastric feeding tube for the next 5 days. Plan control MLE and Keel removal in 8 weeks.