First induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues. Then tracheoscopy and intubation by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. This reveals an inconspicuous mucosa up to the caudal carina. Subsequent inspection and palpation of the tongue, base of tongue, tonsil lobe and soft palate. A slight induration is palpated on the front of the soft palate on the left side, just above the upper alveolar ridge, measuring just under 1 cm2 on inspection. The tongue, base of the tongue and floor of the mouth are inconspicuous on palpation. Now insert the size C Kleinsasser tube. Mirror forward into the piriform sinus, which can be freely unfolded on both sides. The postcricoid region, interaryngeal region and endolarynx are inconspicuous. The esophagogastroscopy was then performed. This is completely unremarkable. Now proceed to tumor excision. Insert the Mc Ivor oral spatula for this. Marking of the subsequent resectate borders using a monopolar and subsequent monopolar incision around the tumor. Subsequent cold dissection in depth and removal of the tumor, which appears to be growing on the surface. Marking at 12 o'clock short short and at 9 o'clock median short long and sending for frozen section. Subtle hemostasis and positioning of the patient for neck dissection. Injection of 10 ml xylocaine with adrenaline in the area of the subsequent skin incision. Then abjode and sterile draping of the surgical field. Now start with the skin incision on the mastoid, curving forward to caudal to supraclavicular. Dissection of the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Exposure of the auricularis magnus nerve and the external jugular vein. Ligation of the external jugular vein and protection of the auricular nerve. Subsequent exposure of the platysma and separate dissection. Exposure of the anterior margin of the sternocleidomastoid muscle from caudal to cranial. Subsequently, cranial preparation on the capsule of the submandibular gland and removal or tapping caudally of the capsule in the anterior neck preparation. Dissection on the digaster venter posteriorly and dissection anteriorly. Then caudal dissection of the omohyoid muscle with dissection anteriorly and union with the anterior neck preparation cranially. Subsequent dissection of the lateral neck preparation. Free preparation of the vein with removal of the outer leaf and tapping into the neck preparation. Develop the neck preparation from caudal to cranial. In doing so, protect the cervical plexus. The common carotid artery is dissected in depth and the vagus nerve is exposed. Further dissection in a cranial direction. Exposure and protection of the accessorius nerve. Dissection of level IIb. Detachment of the lateral neck preparation in toto. Subsequent detachment of the previously dissected anterior neck preparation. Subtle hemostasis, followed by insertion of a Redon drain, subcutaneous and platysma suture with 5-0 Ethilon. Subsequent transition to enoral resection after the frozen section revealed that the squamous cell carcinoma was resected at 9 o'clock with less than 1 mm in sano, but the carcinoma in situ was margin-forming at the same site. Therefore, resection from 12 o'clock median to after 6 o'clock on a width of approx. 0.5 cm and removal of a margin sample. Both are sent for final histology. Subtle hemostasis and termination of the operation at this point without complications. Conclusion: Squamous cell carcinoma cT1 oral cavity soft palate anterior left side removed in sano in a frozen section. However, here carcinoma in situ forming a margin, a resection and a margin sample were removed, these were sent for final histology. Neck dissection level II-V left side performed without complications.