Induction of anesthesia by the anesthetist. Entry with the 0-degree scope and inspection of the vocal folds and trachea. No abnormalities here. Intubation and insertion with the Kleinsasser tube. Inspection of the oral cavity and oropharynx. The previously described mass on the uvula can be seen here. Mirroring forward to the hypopharynx and larynx area. There are no abnormalities here. Insertion of the tonsil mouth retractor and inspection of the tumorous mass. The tumorous mass infiltrates the entire uvula on the anterior surface and also on the posterior surface. The tumor has extensions on the anterior palatal arch on both sides as well as on the posterior palatal arch on the left side and also infiltrates the posterior surface of the soft palate. First, the mucosa is carefully circumscribed with the monopolar needle. Further dissection with the scissors, initially on the left side. Resection of the uvula and resection of the carcinoma on the right side, including parts of the anterior palatal arch. The posterior palatal arch does not have to be resected on the right side. On the left side, the upper part of the posterior palatal arch is also resected, as it is infiltrated by the tumor. Inspection of the resected tissue. It can be seen that it has been completely removed, but in the area of the posterior soft palate and the posterior palatal arch it is very scarce, so a resection is taken there and also in the area of the anterior palatal arch. The specimens are all thread-marked and sent for frozen section. Pathology cannot detect any tumor cells or carcinoma in situ in the marginal area and confirms that the carcinoma was resected in sano. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation and completion of the procedure. During the rapid incision break, a PEG was placed using the suture pull-through method with good diaphanoscopy. Please check the swallowing function postoperatively. In case of regurgitation, plan a radial flap as part of the neck dissection. A neck dissection must be performed on both sides for this carcinoma, only then can the patient be presented at the tumor conference.