Dictation <CLINICIAN_NAME>: Induction of anesthesia by anesthesia, intubation by anesthesia. Entering with the flexible esophagoscope. Advance into the stomach. No abnormalities here. With good diaphanoscopy, insertion of a PEG tube using the thread pull-through method. This is successful without any problems. Repositioning and insertion with the small water tube. Inspection of the hypopharynx, larynx and supraglottis. No abnormalities in the pharynx. Adjustment of the tumor region. There is an exophytic tumor on the lingual epiglottis surface, which occupies two thirds of the epiglottis, merges with the aryepiglottic fold, does not touch the arytenoid cartilage itself, but extends to just before the arytenoid cartilage. The pocket fold and glottic plane are completely inconspicuous. Switching the laser on and starting the laser resection with 3.5 W. The epiglottis is split laterally on the left. The suprahyal parts of the epiglottis are then removed using the piecemeal technique and the tumor is successively resected. The aryepiglottic fold is removed up to the arytenoid cartilage. The vallecula is partially resected and a small piece of the base of the tongue is also removed due to the safety margin. The entire specimen is thread-marked on cork with colored needles and sent to the pathology department. Removal of marginal samples. The marginal samples are all tumor-free in the frozen section. Therefore R0 situation. Demonstration of the findings of the defect to <CLINICIAN_NAME>. The latter recommends a tracheostomy. This is performed by <CLINICIAN_NAME> and <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Repositioning for neck dissection. Skin incision in a preformed skin fold, initially on the right side, transverse. Exposure of the platysma. Dissection of the platysma cranially and caudally. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, the omohyoid muscle, the submandibular gland and the cervical vascular sheath. Removal of neck levels II, III and IV while sparing the plexus branches and sparing the hypoglossal nerve, accessorius nerve, facial vein and superior thyroid artery. Sparing of the cervical artery. The neck levels must be sent in individually due to the study protocol. This is done fixed in formalin. Turn to the opposite side. Here also skin incision in a transverse preformed skin fold. Exposure of the platysma. Dissection of the platysmal flap. Dissection of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the omohyoid muscle, the submandibular gland and removal of the neck levels II to IV. Protection of the plexus branches and the accessory nerve, the facial vein and artery, the superior thyroid artery, the cervical artery and the hypoglossus. The neck levels are also sent in individually according to the study protocol and fixed in formalin. Dictation <CLINICIAN_NAME>: Tracheotomy: palpation of the cricoid cartilage, marking of the incision, cutaneous incision, preparation of the subcutaneous tissue. Exposure of 2 lateral thyroid veins, ligation of the same. Splitting of the linea alba, undermining of the thyroid isthmus, repositioning and transection of the thyroid isthmus. Exploration of the cricoid cartilage, dissection of the anterior wall of the trachea. Locate the area between the 2nd and 3rd cricoid cartilage. Careful incision. Entry into the trachea. Creation of a visor tracheotomy. Transfer intubation to a 9 mm tracheal cannula. Dressing application. Completion of the procedure. Note: Supraglottic laser resection of a cT2 glottic carcinoma using the described piecemeal technique (two parts) which are placed on cork and marked for pathology. The patient is a study patient of the <STUDY_NAME> study. Please present postoperatively on day 8 in the phoniatrics department for functional swallowing endoscopy according to the study protocol. Presentation of the patient in the tumor conference. If adjuvant therapy becomes necessary, this must be carried out according to the study protocol in <LOCATION