After active patient identification, the patient is brought into the operating theater. Carry out the team time-out. Introductory consultation with the anesthesiologist. Induction of anesthesia and transition to rigid tracheoscopy. Problem-free passage of the non-irritated glottis and entry after endotracheal. Mucosal conditions are unremarkable on all sides up to the exit of the segmental bronchi. Withdrawal of the endoscope and intubation of the patient by the surgeon. Fixation of the tube. Transition to esophagogastroscopy. Insertion of the flexible endoscope under visualization and constant air insufflation into the stomach. With the exception of isolated polyps, the gastric mucosa is otherwise free of irritation. Inversion and inspection of the gastroesophageal junction. This also appears unremarkable. After desufflation, slow withdrawal of the endoscope with circular inspection of all sections of the esophagus. Inconspicuous conditions on all sides. Remove the endoscope. Proceed to hypopharyngoscopy and laryngoscopy. First insert the mouth guard. Position the patient in head reclination. Enter with the size C small bore tube and initially adjust the endolarynx. This appears unremarkable. Then inspect the piriform sinus on both sides. This is lined on both sides with smooth, non-irritant mucosa and can be freely unfolded up to the tip. The same applies to the postcricoid region and the esophageal entrance. Inspection of the vallecula and the base of the tongue. Inconspicuous conditions here too. Subsequently, removal of the small drainage tube and insertion of the reinforced retractor. Inspection of the oral cavity and the oral vestibule. An exophytic, highly visible mass can be seen in the area of the dorsum of the tongue at the transition to the right edge of the tongue. Mark the planned resection margins. The tumor is then cut around using the electric needle and scissors. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. The definitive lateral and medial margin samples are then taken and sent for definitive histological processing. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Injection of ropivacaine for postoperative analgesia. Repeated hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Adaptation of the wound edges using inverting sutures with PDS 4-0. The mucosa in the area of the remaining oral cavity and the oral vestibule is free of irritation on all sides. Final consultation with the anesthetist. Removal of the mouth blocker and completion of the operation without complications. Note: The gastric polyps should also be assessed gastroenterologically at intervals.