First, anesthesia induction and transnasal endotracheal intubation by the anesthesia colleagues and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Subsequent adjustment of the findings at the left edge of the tongue using JENNING's mouth retractor. Inspection. This reveals an ulcerated area on the left edge of the tongue, slightly vulnerable to contact. Clearly indurated in depth and the extent is more likely to be that of a cT2 carcinoma of the left tongue margin. Marking of the incision with a monopolar needle. Successive bypassing of the mass with a satisfactory (inspection and palpation) safety margin. The mass is completely removed and then incised ex vivo. Clear evidence of malignancy. Four marginal samples are taken, which are sent for intraoperative frozen section examination together with the main tumor findings. The intraoperative frozen section examination revealed the diagnosis of a squamous cell carcinoma on the left edge of the tongue, which was completely removed in combination with the four tumor-free edge samples. Hemostasis there by means of bipolar coagulation. The operation was then continued with panendoscopy. Pharyngo- and laryngoscopy using a Kleinsasser C-tube revealed unremarkable findings with no evidence of a secondary malignancy. Flexible endoscopy of the oesophagus and stomach. Inconspicuous findings there, with no evidence of another malignancy in this area. Endoscope inversion and inspection of the esophagogastric junction. Inconspicuous findings there. Withdrawal of the endoscope. Repeated inspection of the oral cavity. Dry conditions there. Completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: ct2 cN0 in frozen section R0- resected squamous cell carcinoma of the left edge of the tongue, unremarkable panendoscopy. In the same session, a nasogastric feeding tube was inserted, through which the patient was to be fed for the next five days. Please wait for the final histology and prompt presentation of the patient to the tumor conference with the question of bilateral neck dissection in regions I to III and any necessary adjuvant therapy. Due to the pronounced resection area and the large ............................. loss of the tongue, the functional result must be assessed in the course of the procedure, with the question of flap coverage on the left edge of the tongue.