Team time out. Induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, followed by rigid tracheoscopy. Inspection of the vocal folds, the subglottic area, the tracheal mucosa. Inconspicuous mucosa everywhere. Then intubation of the patient and head positioning. First of all, enter with the esophagogastroscope under air insufflation and carefully peer into the stomach. The mucosal conditions are inconspicuous everywhere. On retraction, careful inspection of the esophagus, here too everything is unremarkable. Then, the small bore tube type C is inserted while protecting the edentulous upper jaw. Inspection of the tonsils on both sides, the base of the tongue, epiglottis valleculae on both sides, inconspicuous structures here. Further reflection into the hypopharynx, piriform recess can be freely unfolded on both sides and inconspicuous mucosa. The endolarynx is now exposed again, no suspicious lesion is seen here either, the postcricoid region and interaryngeal region are clear. Now insert a Spantex retractor while protecting the lips. Snare the tongue using a Mersilene suture and expose a leukoplakic mass in the area of the posterior third of the tongue, right edge of the tongue. Demonstration on <CLINICIAN_NAME> and marking of the resection borders using a monopolar. The lesion is then removed superficially using a monopolar with a sufficient safety margin. The specimen is placed on cork and sent to the pathology (basal = suture marking, red = posterior, blue = anterior, green = towards the top of the tongue, black = towards the underside of the tongue). Careful hemostasis is now performed using a bipolar on the right side. There is also a leukoplakia on the left side, so a PE is also taken on the left edge of the tongue. Now check again for blood dryness, which is present. Removal of the Mersilene suture. Completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: removal of leukoplakia at the edge of the tongue on the right in the sense of an excisional biopsy. PE left tongue margin, otherwise unremarkable panendoscopy.