Transferring the patient to the operating room. Carrying out the team time-out and initial consultation with the anesthesia colleagues. Intubation anesthesia by the colleagues and fixation of the tube in the right corner of the mouth. Start of the operation by inserting the mouth guard. Entry with the Kleinsasser tube size D and adjustment of the endolarynx, after charging the epiglottis. The tumor is very easy to expose. The posterior commissure and the arytenoid hump are adjusted first. Cover the patient. Carry out the laser protection measures. Start splitting the tumor in the midline down to the muscles. Resection of the posterior part of the vocal folds with the resection margin just in front of the vocal process of the arytenoid cusp. Now removal of the tumor also after identification of the subglottic slope. No macroscopic tumor infiltration here. The posterior part of the tumor is completely removed. Now turn to the anterior commissure. No macroscopic infiltration here. Resection along the anterior commissure in a lateral direction up to the ligament and subglottically. The anterior part of the tumor is also removed here. Now obtain five marginal samples. Sending the marginal samples for frozen section pathological examination. This shows a margin-forming situation in the area of the tumor base. Also, according to the pathologists, a margin-forming tumor in the supraglottis area. Demonstration to <CLINICIAN_NAME> and decision to carry out a resection using the microscope. A thick strip of muscle is removed in the area of the base of the tumor, as well as a strip of the pocket fold. Sending the resected specimens for final histopathological assessment and taking new marginal samples in the area of the tumor base, the pocket fold, the anterior commissure, the arytenoid hump and the subglottic slope. There was no further tumor infiltration in the area of the final margin samples, so that all findings together indicate an R0 resection. Subtle hemostasis using supratupfer without further bleeding. The operation was completed without complications. Summary: Laser-surgical cordectomy on the left side with removal of a T1 vocal fold carcinoma. Please wait for the final histopathological assessment. The frozen section shows an R0 resection. A follow-up MLE should be performed in 6 weeks.