First consultation with the anesthetist. Then advance the 0° telescope through the glottic plane into the trachea. This is very difficult due to the exophytic tumor. Finally, however, the trachea and the bronchial system can be inspected up to the exit of the segmental bronchi. The mucosal conditions here are unremarkable. Intubation of the patient by the anesthetist. Inspection of the subglottis, glottis and supraglottis. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions on all sides. No abnormalities in the area of the right hypopharyngeal and oropharyngeal swallowing tract. No evidence of tumor manifestation in the postcricoid region either. Now inspection of the left swallowing duct. An exophytic tumor can be seen here, which extends into the piriform sinus at the lower pole of the tonsil without reaching the tip of the piriform sinus. Medially, the base of the tongue is reached, but is obviously not clinically infiltrated. Now advance the esophagoscope into the stomach. No evidence of malignant mucosal changes in the area of the esophagus. Now inspection of the oral cavity. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions. Pulling up the soft palate. No pathological changes here either. Now adjustment of the oropharynx and hypopharynx using the Lawson retractor. This shows the described space requirement, which is very difficult to adjust due to difficult mouth opening. Once the ............................... has been satisfactorily adjusted, laser resection can begin. This involves cutting around the tumour in the area of the lower tonsil pole and gradually mobilizing it. Due to the size of the tumor, it is not possible to remove it in its entirety in one piece; the tumor must be divided. In this case, it is also necessary to move the barring device and insert another barring device (spreading laryngoscope). This allows the tumor to be resected step by step, with the tumor resection extending in the area of the lateral pharyngeal wall towards the base of the tongue and reaching just above the piriform sinus on the left side. Removal of several marginal samples. These marginal samples are found to be tumor-free in the frozen section. Careful hemostasis and completion of the procedure. Further procedure depending on the histology. Final discussion with the anesthesiologist, in the sense of a consultation. The patient is transferred to the recovery ward.