After induction of intubation anesthesia and initial consultation with the anesthesia colleague, a pharyngoscopy was performed to inspect and determine the extent of the tumor. It can be seen that there is a narrow mucosal margin of about 2-3 mm between the lower pole of the right tonsil and the incipient exophytic mass. From there, the exophytic mass extends to the hypopharyngeal side wall with the extensions to the plica pharyngoepiglottica on the right side. The exophytic mass is only broadly attached to the posterior wall of the hypopharynx and has a relatively narrow base compared to the tumor volume. The mass is easily displaceable over the pharyngeal musculature. Then docking of the robot and insertion of the functional arms. With very good adjustability, the tumor can then be easily dissected from cranial to caudal using the Maryland grasping forceps and the monopolar spatula. Enter directly under the lower pole of the right tonsil. Then dissect laterally down to the pharyngeal muscles. Continue the incision along the pharyngeal muscles. Cut around the base of the tumor with a safety margin of about 3-5 mm. The dissection is then carried out successively further caudally with subtle hemostasis. Here the tumor is finally deposited at the pharyngoepiglottic plica. Now take representative margin samples from the anterior deposition area, the posterior deposition area, the deep deposition area at the wound bed and the caudal and cranial deposition margins. All margin samples are then sent for intraoperative frozen section diagnostics and are all found to be tumor-free. Subtle hemostasis is then performed. A vascular stump in the area of the hypopharyngeal side wall is dissected free and then carefully coagulated. Subsequently, the wound is dried even after the retractor has been relaxed. The creation of a tracheostoma is not necessary given the extent of the resection. The insertion of a nasogastric feeding tube is also not necessary. However, the patient should be given a diet with TE light food for the next few days. At the end of the procedure, another final consultation with the anesthesia colleagues. It was then agreed that the patient would be monitored postoperatively in the intensive care unit of the ENT clinic after the recovery phase. After the wound area has healed, two-stage neck dissection and PEG placement if necessary.