After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, the surgeon first positions the patient. Shortening of the vibrissae, disinfection of the vestibule. Sterile wiping and draping. Entering the left nasal cavity with 45° optics. The large polyp is already visible. This is grasped at the base and successively removed. The anterior ethmoid bone is opened and the ethmoid bone is cleared out in a circumscribed manner. The base of the skull is not exposed. Subsequently, careful infundibulotomy on the left and exposure of the maxillary sinus ostium. This is carefully widened with the wing punches and smoothed in the area of the ethmoidal sinus transition with the cutting Blakesley. The maxillary sinus itself is free and without irritation. Therefore, no further measures should be taken in this area for the time being. Reposition the patient. Enter with the small irrigation tube and adjust the endolarynx. The exophytic mass described above can already be seen in the area of the right vocal fold, which extends to the anterior commissure but does not appear to infiltrate it. Laterally, it appears to extend partially into the ventriculus laryngis. Dorsally, the mass extends as far as the vocal process. Therefore, first carefully cut around the tumor with macroscopically sufficient safety distance using the laser with 4 watts in CW mode. This works very well. Successive dissection and removal of the tumor. The vocalis muscle is largely resected as well as parts of the pocket fold. As the tumor reaches the vocal process, this is also resected with the laser. Ultimately, the tumor is successfully resected in toto with a macroscopically sufficient safety margin. In between, hemostasis is repeatedly performed with a defocused laser and supratupers. Finally, marginal samples are taken in the area of the posterior pocket fold, anterior pocket fold, anterior commissure, subglottic anterior, subglottic posterior and in the area of the arytenoid cartilage. These marginal samples were all found to be tumor-free in the frozen section. An R0 resection can therefore be assumed. The procedure was completed without complications. Conclusion: Overall findings-adapted paranasal sinus surgery with polypectomy. R0 resection of a pT1a vocal fold carcinoma on the right in the frozen section. A control microlaryngoscopy should be performed in 4 to 6 weeks. Depending on the patient's symptoms, sinus surgery should be discussed at intervals.