After team time-out, induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues. Then direct tracheoscopy by the surgeon. Abnormal mucosal conditions down to the carina. Then intubation by the surgeon. This is successful without any problems. The surgeon now positions the patient's head. Now perform the gastroscopy. Enter with the flexible esophagoscope and advance into the stomach. Typical gastric mucosal folds without further abnormalities. Even after inversion, the gastroesophageal junction is unremarkable. No abnormalities in the esophagus on reflection. Then, insertion with the Kleinsasser C-tube and inspection of the hypopharynx on both sides. Here the mucosal conditions were unremarkable down to the esophageal entrance as well as in the postcricoid area. Now, if the larynx is difficult to adjust, change to Kleinsasser D-tube. Inconspicuous mucosa in the area of the endolarynx and the epiglottis as well as the interary area. Now insertion of the Mc Ivor oral spatula and demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. A rough mass was found in the area of the left tonsil, which, however, remained limited to the tonsil lobe. The anterior and posterior palatal arch do not appear to be infiltrated, nor does the base of the tongue. In the rest of the oropharynx and in the oral cavity, inconspicuous mucosal conditions. The tumor is now macroscopically excised in toto in the sense of an extended tonsillectomy using a dissection technique with a sufficient safety margin while sparing the posterior palatal arch. The tumor specimen is thread-marked for histology. A resection is then taken in the area of the wound bed and the entire area is covered with margin samples. These are sent separately for final histology. Finally, subtle hemostasis using H2O2-soaked swabs and bipolar coagulation. Finally, dry mucosal conditions and completion of the procedure without complications. Repositioning of the patient by the surgeon. Conclusion: Overall macroscopic in sano resection of a cT2 tonsillar carcinoma on the left. There is a very small defect in the left oropharyngeal side wall. Waiting for the histology and planning a neck dissection of the left side.