First, transfer the patient to the operating theater. Then active patient identification and team time out as well as consultation with anesthesia colleagues. Then induction of anesthesia and tracheoscopy with the aid of the laryngeal spatula by the surgeon. The glottic plane, vocal folds, subglottic area, entire trachea up to the carina are unremarkable. Now intubation by the anesthetist and deepening of the anesthesia. Then transition to esophagogastroscopy. Careful insertion of the flexible endoscope with the aid of the laryngeal spatula under air insufflation. Pre-viewing into the stomach. Inversion here. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions everywhere. Air desufflation and retraction of the endoscope everywhere. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions in the entire esophagus. Now transition to laryngoscopy/pharyngoscopy: The surgeon positions the head and enters the oropharynx with the Kleinsasser tube type C. The tonsils, base of the tongue, vallecula, aryepiglottic folds on both sides, arytenoid cartilage on both sides, piriform sinus on both sides, interary area, postcricoid area and glottic plane are unremarkable. No evidence of a secondary tumor. Palpation of the tonsils and the base of the tongue, vallecula clear. Inspection of the oral cavity and floor of the mouth. No suspicious mass except for the previously described exophytic, superficially growing mass on the anterior right edge of the tongue with a longitudinal diameter of approx. 1 ˝ cm and a transverse diameter of 1 cm. Growing superficially on palpation. Now insertion of the spandex and rein suture. Insertion in the area of the raphe, thereby dislocating the tongue anteriorly and laterally. Now mark the resection margins with the monopolar with a safety margin of more than 1 cm. Demonstration on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Successive resection of the tumor along the resection margins using bipolar coagulation and pointed scissors. Meticulous hemostasis is performed. The tumor is resected in toto with a sufficient safety margin of more than 1 cm, suture marking short short tongue tip anterior, short long tongue dorsum, long long tongue margin right and wound base. The preparation is sent for final histology. Re-inspection of the surgical site. Repeated bipolar coagulation, also in depth. Absolutely dry wound conditions. No further bleeding. Intraoperative administration of 250 mg SDH, head repositioning by the surgeon and completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: Externally histologically confirmed cT1 cN0 G3 tongue margin carcinoma anterior right. Enoral resection. This goes to final histology. Waiting for the final histology and presentation at the tumor conference. In the case of lymph nodes worthy of checking at level Ib and a scintigraphic mass requiring clarification BWK 1.