After appropriate preparation, first disinfect the skin. First of all, the endolarynx is adjusted again with the Kleinsasser C-tube. Here you can see an exophytic mass limited to the right vocal fold with insufficient adjustability. Removal of the instruments without tooth damage. Now transition to surgery from the outside. Vertical serrated skin incision and sharp dissection through the subcutis down to the straight neck muscles. This is pushed apart in the linea alba and held to the side. Then skeletonize the thyroid cartilage including the cricoid cartilage. Incision of the perichondrium on the outer side cranially and caudally so that a right pedicled perichondrium flap can be dissected. Subperichondrial dissection is then performed cranially and caudally in the area of the anterior incisure of the thyroid cartilage. The thyroid cartilage is then cut open in the middle with the small circular saw blade and held apart. The soft tissues in the median plane can then also be pushed apart or cut sharply so that the larynx can be opened up. Here you can now see the tumor on the right side, which extends into the anterior commissure. The mucosa here is somewhat raised and uneven due to the previous dissection. Now begin with the resection, initially cranially in the area of the supraglottis on the right side. Part of the vocal fold slope must also be resected caudally, as it is also affected by tumor in the anterior part. Large parts of the vocalis muscle are resected basally. Resection is performed dorsally, following the tumor margins at an appropriate distance. The arytenoid cartilage is reached and the ventral part of the arytenoid cartilage must also be resected due to the extent of the tumor. Circumferential marginal incisions are then made, particularly in the area of the anterior commissure, which also includes the opposite side. The marginal incisions all proved to be tumor-free. Only in the area of the arytenoid cartilage are there still punctiform infiltrates. Extensive resection is therefore performed here. The further marginal incision from this area is then also tumor-free. The drill holes are then made to reunite the thyroid cartilage after it has been smoothed endolaryngeally in the area of the incision using the Lindemann burr. Placement of a rein suture on the left vocal fold ventrally. Reconstruction of the thyroid cartilage as well as the cricothyroid membrane using several sutures. Folding back of the perichondrium flap. Application of fibrin glue, which was also previously applied to the resection area. Application of a Tachosil plate to the thyroid cartilage. Insertion of a drainage flap under the sutured straight neck muscles. Final two-layer wound closure. Sterile wound dressing. Finally, another inspection of the endolarynx transorally. Aspiration of a small amount of secretion with inconspicuous and dry wound conditions. End of the operation and handover of the patient to anesthesia. Conclusion: External partial laryngectomy in the sense of an external chordectomy on the right side for cT1a laryngeal carcinoma with spread to the arytenoid cartilage on the right. Control panendoscopy in 8 weeks.