First induction of anesthesia and transoral endotracheal intubation by anesthesia colleagues and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Initial insertion using a Kleinsasser tube, confirmation of the poor adjustability of the findings. Decision to proceed with fronto-lateral partial laryngectomy. Application of local anesthesia in a skin fold directly below the thyroid incisura. Skin ablation and sterile draping. Skin incision. Separation of the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Formation of a subplatysmal flap cranially and caudally. Exposure and transection of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline from caudal to cranial. Exposure of the cricothyroid membrane and the ligamentum conicum and thyroid cartilage. Horizontal transection of the cricothyroid membrane in its midline. Subsequent median thyrotomy using a saw. Opening of the lumen of the glottis and supraglottis by mucosal incision and inspection of the findings. The two anterior thirds of the right vocal fold and the right morgue sinus were found to be completely affected by tumor, so the findings were resected using scissors. The specimen is thread-marked for final histology short short anterior commissure, short long supraglottis. Hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation. 3 marginal samples were taken (right supraglottis, right subglottis, right arytenoid cartilage), all 3 were found to be tumor-free by the pathology colleague <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Repeated inspection. Dryness prevails. Insertion of a Keel 16 mm, resulting in complete closure of the thyroid cartilage. Suture adaptation of the cricothyroid membrane and the ligamentum conicum. Suture adaptation of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline. Creation of a flap. Platysma suture. Skin suture. Pressure bandage, completion of the procedure without complications. Please continue the intraoperatively initiated antibiotic treatment with Clindamycin 600 4 x daily for the next 7 days. Please plan control MLE and Keel removal in 8-12 weeks.