First, induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, transoral intubation using a laser tube, head positioning and insertion with the size C small bore tube after insertion of a maxillary tooth guard. Adjustment of the glottic plane, overall positioning is limited, but the overview in the area of the anterior commissure is ultimately possible thanks to external counterpressure. Demonstration of findings to <CLINICIAN_NAME>, decision to perform transoral laser resection by <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Now determination of the resection limits, anterior resection up to the anterior commissure, posterior resection of the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage on the right, the tumor itself has an extension of approx. 0.5 x 0.5 cm and is located in the posterior to middle third of the right vocal fold. The surrounding tissue appears altered in the sense of chronic hyperplastic laryngitis, making it difficult to differentiate between the mucosa and the tumor, even under the microscope. Laser resection is now performed by <CLINICIAN_NAME> and <CLINICIAN_NAME> alternately, the tumor is resected in toto and macroscopically in sano. A large posterior margin specimen and a supraglottic and anterior margin specimen are then taken in the area of the midline of the anterior commissure, the margin specimens are sent for frozen section examination, the main specimen is sent for histological processing marked with a thread. Hemostasis is then achieved by monopolar coagulation and application of suprarenin-soaked swabs. The frozen section still shows carcinoma in situ in the area of the anterior cranial margin sample, so a laser resection is performed here and the resected specimen is sent for final histological processing. Subsequent resection of margin samples, which are tumor-free in the frozen section, thus intraoperative R0 resection. Hemostasis again. Removal of all foreign material. Removal of the head position and completion of the procedure without any indication of complications. Conclusion: Transoral laser resection of a cT1a vocal fold carcinoma occupying the right vocal fold, intraoperatively R0 in the frozen section. Please note the final histology and plan a follow-up MLE in approx. 8 weeks.