After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, the patient is first positioned by the surgeon. Entry with the Kleinsasser tube. Inspection of the right supraglottis. This reveals a whitish scar in the area of the right aryepiglottic fold where the pedunculated mass was previously located. This scar is resected at a safe distance using the CO2 laser with 5 watts and supra-pulse mode and is marked with sutures for frozen section diagnostics. Lateral, anterior, medial and posterior margin samples are also taken. These are also sent for frozen section diagnostics. Overall, the margin samples are found to be tumor-free, as is the wound bed of the post-resection. Therefore, an R0 resection can now be assumed here. Repositioning for neck dissection on the right. Infiltration anesthesia. Sterile wiping, draping. Skin incision at the level of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Dissection through the subcutaneous tissue and through the platysma. Creation of a small platysma flap. Dissection of the sternocleidomastoid muscle and exposure of the accessorius nerve. Exposure of the digastric muscle and the omohyoid muscle. Sparing of these structures. Exposure of the cervical vascular sheath with internal jugular vein, carotid artery and vagus nerve. The structures mentioned are spared. Now carefully mobilize the lateral neck preparation. Protect the plexus branches. Now continue dissecting and preparing the anterior neck preparation. Dissect the superior thyroid artery and the facial vein. Exposure of the hypoglossal nerve. All structures are spared. Finally, development of the anterior neck preparation. Irrigation with H2O2 and Ringer's solution. Insertion of a Redon drainage. Two-layer skin closure. Application of a pressure bandage. Repeated inspection of the endolarynx. Bleeding from the area of the wound bed. Therefore, hemostasis with the monopolar. Bleeding stopped. Completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: Overall resection in the area of the right supraglottis following removal of a G3 squamous cell carcinoma. Problem-free neck dissection level I b to V. Further procedure after receipt of the final histology and in accordance with our interdisciplinary tumor conference.