Initial induction of anesthesia and transoral endotracheal intubation by the anesthesia colleagues and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Application of local anesthesia prethyroidally. Skin ablation and sterile draping. Creation of an initial 6 cm incision from the thyroid cartilage horizontally through the subcutaneous tissue and platysma. Creation of a subplatysmal flap cranially to the thyroid incisura and caudally to the cricoid cartilage. Exposure and transection of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline. Exposure of the thyroid cartilage, the ...................................cricothyroidea and the cricoid cartilage. Subsequent incision of the perichondrium. In the midline, develop a perichondrium flap postero-laterally pedicled on both sides of the thyroid cartilage. Exposure of the cartilage. Median thyrotomy, mucosal incision and access to the endolaryngeal space. This revealed a vocal fold completely affected from anterior to posterior up to the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage with a slight extension into the morgue sinus as well as an involvement of the right vocal fold in the anterior two thirds without extension up to the parotid gland or into the subglottis. Thus, successive bypassing of the findings initially on the left side, macroscopically in healthy tissue. The arytenoid cartilage on the left side is spared but completely de-epithelialized. Subsequently, the anterior 2/3 of the right vocal fold was removed macroscopically in healthy tissue. Five marginal samples were then taken (left supraglottis, left subglottis, left arytenoid region, right supraglottis, right subglottis). All 5 marginal samples were found to be tumor-free by the pathology colleague. Hemostasis there by means of bipolar coagulation. Due to the large wound area of the de-epithelialized arytenoid cartilage and the patient's poor coagulation status, the decision was made to create a small tracheostoma and then to make another horizontal incision below the cricoid cartilage. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Exposure and transection of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline. Exposure of the thyroid isthmus, which is supplied and severed using bipolar coagulation. Exposure of the anterior wall of the trachea. Creation of a scalpel incision between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal cartilage clasp. Creation of a small Björk flap in the typical manner. Tracheostoma sutures, skin sutures and placement of an 8-bore tracheostomy tube. This is successful. Repeated endolaryngeal inspection. Dry conditions. Decision to insert a 16-gauge Keel prosthesis based on the corresponding wound surfaces. This is well fixed using Vicryl 3-0 sutures after drilling holes in the thyroid cartilage. Subsequent suture adaptation of the prelaryngeal muscles of the midline. Platysma suture. Single button skin suture. Application of a pressure bandage, completion of the procedure without complications. Conclusion: Problem-free partial laryngectomy according to Huet transcervical with creation of a small plastic tracheostoma. Due to the large wound area and the patient's poor coagulation status, please administer antibiotics with Sobelin 600 4 x daily intravenously for the next 7 days and nutrition via the nasogastric feeding tube for the next 7 days and present the patient to our interdisciplinary tumor conference as soon as possible after receiving the final histology. Please plan control MLE and Keel removal in 6-8 weeks.