Induction of anesthesia and intubation by anesthesia colleagues using a laser tube. At the beginning of the operation, insertion with the flexible esophagogastroscope. Pre-viewing into the stomach. If diaphanoscopy is good, the PEG is inserted using the thread pull-through method. This is successful without any problems. Positioning the tumor. The tumor is relatively difficult to access. It is located in the glossotonsillar groove with transition to the base of the tongue. The patient has very protruding teeth, so the tumor can only be adjusted to a medium degree. The tumor itself is blurred and can hardly be distinguished from the rest of the tissue. Therefore, extremely difficult conditions for the laser resection requested by the tumor board and the patient. Nevertheless, the tumor was successfully resected first in the caudal region and then in the cranial region. Switching on the microscope and the laser. Start of laser resection with 5 watts in the caudal area. Then pre-laser cranially and laterally. The tumor can be removed in its entirety. At the end, marginal samples are taken and sent for frozen section. All marginal samples are tumor-free. The final specimen is placed on cork and sent to the pathology department. Insertion of suprarenal swabs. Rearrangement for neck dissection on the left side: A scar is visible here which is located exactly transversely between two skin folds. The scar is partially integrated into the new skin incision, which then runs into a natural skin fold. Cutting through the platysma. Raising the platysma. Exposure of the submandibular gland. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. The sternocleidomastoid muscle is extremely scarred. Here there is a post lymph node removal. The entire muscle and the surrounding tissue is firmly attached to the internal jugular vein. This must be carefully and sharply separated. Exposure of the omohyoid muscle and free preparation of the cervical vascular sheath. Removal of the neck preparation II a to V a while sparing the plexus branches and protecting the accessorius nerve. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Insertion of a Redon drainage. Two-layer wound closure. Completion of the neck dissection. Inspection of the oropharynx again. Removal of the swabs. Hemostasis using monopolar coagulation. Due to the superficiality of the defect, a tracheotomy is not performed.