Introductory consultation with the anesthetist. Local anesthesia is administered prelaryngeally in the soft tissues of the neck. Ablation and covering of the surgical area. Re-entry into the old scar, which is very difficult due to scarring changes. Exposure of the laryngeal framework, exposure of the thyroid cartilage, exposure of the cricoid cartilage. The ligamentum conicum is largely ossified. Dissect the scar tissue from the thyroid cartilage and open the thyroid cartilage with the wheel in the median line. Opening of the larynx by insertion of a spreader. The tumor can be seen in the area of the right larynx. The tumor is located on the vocal fold. The resection areas of the trial biopsy are also visible. After exposure of the tumor, resection of the tumor, in which the inner perichondrium of the thyroid cartilage is removed and the surface of the vocal fold is also resected. The entire supraglottic region up to the petiolus of the epiglottis and laterally beyond on the right are successively resected, whereby the arytenoid cartilage is skeletonized. This results in a partial laryngeal resection, which includes in particular the supraglottic region up to the aryepiglottic fold. Parts of the aryepiglottic fold are also resected. Removal of marginal samples after the preparation has also been marked. This shows that isolated tumor parts are still detectable on the vocal fold surface. A resection is performed in the area of the vocal fold and the vocal process, the arytenoid cartilage. Corresponding marginal samples are taken and then found to be tumor-free in the frozen section examination. Careful hemostasis. The vocal fold is readapted on the front right at the anterior commissure to create a newly shaped vocal fold after approx. 50% of the volume of the vocalis muscle and the vocal ligament has been resected. Closure of the thyroid cartilage after drilling appropriate holes. Wound closure in layers. Insertion of a flap. Application of a pressure bandage. Final consultation with the anesthetist. Postoperatively, particular attention must be paid to the patient's swallowing function. Close follow-up examinations are absolutely essential. Overall, very difficult surgical conditions due to the pre-resection. Note: Close inspection of the left larynx revealed no pathological findings.