After problem-free induction of anesthesia and intubation of the patient by the anesthesia colleagues, the patient was initially positioned. Injection of 8 ml xylocaine with added adrenaline at the level of the described level II mass on the right, after disinfection. Then ablation of the surgical site. Sterile draping. The skin incision is then made at the level of the level II right cervical mass with a length of approx. 5 cm at the level of a skin fold approx. 2 transverse fingers below the mandibular branch. Cut through the skin of the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Expose the sternocleidomastoid muscle. While spreading the tissue, expose the auricularis magnus muscle. Finally, exposing the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle while protecting it. Further dissection in depth and finally locating the capsule of the cystic mass. Finally, the capsule of the cystic mass can be visualized, which appears to be generally plump and elastic. During further dissection, however, the capsule tears and a serous milky secretion is discharged. The mass is then dissected free from the surrounding tissue along its capsule. It can be seen that the mass, especially the cranial part, lies against the lower pole of the parotid gland on the right side. Dorsally, the accessorius nerve can be visualized and traced cranially, which descends into the depths below the digaster muscle shown. Finally, the internal jugular vein can be visualized below the digaster muscle. Further mobilization of the mass reveals a mass medially of the mass, directly adjacent to it, which corresponds clinically to a lymph node. Therefore, an atypically located lateral neck cyst is suspected. Finally, the cystic mass is successfully removed after spreading the surrounding tissue, sparing the accessorius and auricular nerves as well as the internal jugular vein. No duct structure can be traced or visualized in the direction of the tonsillar lobe. Finally, hemostasis, dry wound conditions. Then insertion of an 8-gauge Redon drain and two-layer wound closure as well as a sterile wound dressing. Finally, the tonsillectomy was performed on the right side. For this, the patient was positioned head down and a Mc Ivor spatula was inserted. Inspection of the right tonsil lobe, which is fissured and relatively atrophic and small. The mucosal incision is then made loco typico close to the uvula, in the area of the anterior palatal arch, cranially in an envelope fold. The tonsil capsule and the upper pole of the right tonsil are then exposed. Bipolar coagulation of the feeding tonsil vessels and sharp transection, the capsule is then peeled out of its tonsil bed after extending the mucosal incisions caudally and deposited at the lower pole. After extensive bipolar coagulation of the feeding cords at the caudal pole. Finally, extensive hemostasis by means of bipolar coagulation and insertion of an H2O2-soaked swab. After removal of the swab and a relaxation time of approx. 5 min, the tonsil lobe on the right is dry. The procedure is then completed. Summarizing remarks: During the operation, a cystic mass was extirpated on the right cervical side (level II) and a right tonsillectomy was performed if an atypical lateral neck cyst was suspected. The inserted Redon drainage can be removed on the 2nd postoperative day.