Introductory consultation with the anesthetist. Now initially advance the 0° optic through the glottic plane into the trachea. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions in the area of the trachea up to the exit of the segmental bronchi. Careful reflection. No abnormalities in the area of the cervical trachea either. Now intubation of the patient. First advance the flexible esophagoscope into the stomach. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions in the stomach and oesophagus. Inspection of the nasopharynx, oral cavity and oropharynx. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions on all sides. Inspection of the hypopharynx on the right side. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions here too. Inspection of the hypopharynx on the left side. An uneven mucosa can be seen in the area of the median wall of the piriform sinus, which then merges into the pedunculated tumor of the aryepiglottic fold on the left side. The rest of the hypopharynx appears tumor-free. The tumor itself is localized in the area of the aryepiglottic fold, sits here on the arytenoid cartilage, but does not infiltrate the arytenoid cartilage and extends on the anterior wall to just before the pharyngoepiglottic fold. Initial inspection of the subglottis and glottis. Inconspicuous mucosal conditions in these regions. Adjustment of the tumor with the large small bore tube. The entire extent of the tumor can be clearly visualized, but the extension of the tumor along the postcricoid region is difficult. Now start to cut around the tumor in the area of the pharyngoepiglottic fold and in the area of the anterior margin of the hypopharyngeal duct. Cut around the tumor in all planes, whereby the postcricoid region on the left side is included in the laser resection. Finally, the tumour can be completely mobilized under the microscope at low intensities and, as far as can be assessed microscopically, completely removed from the healthy tissue. Although the arytenoid cartilage itself is visualized, it does not have to be resected. Considering the exposure of the tumor, the preparation conditions are considerably more difficult. Marginal samples are now taken at all levels, which are found to be tumor-free in the frozen section. Careful hemostasis. Considering the localization and the difficult exposure of the tumor, the preparation conditions are significantly more difficult. Finally, another check for blood dryness. Overall, no evidence of active bleeding. Termination of the procedure. Final consultation with the anesthesiologist. The operation was performed using an endoscope, surgical microscope and laser. In view of the histology of the tumor, a neck dissection on the left side, possibly on the right, must be discussed.