First, reclination of the head again, then pharyngoscopy and laryngoscopy with the Kleinsasser tube. The described tumor is seen on the anterior palatal arch with transition to the tonsillar lobe, transition to the alveolar ridge, reaching down to the glossoalveolar groove and extending to the base of the tongue. This is followed by transoral resection of the tumor with the electric needle with a safety margin of at least 1 cm on all sides. Tissue is removed from the alveolar ridge, whereby the periosteal layer can be almost completely preserved. Further development of the tumor with removal of the tonsil loge and part of the pharyngeal wall as well as part of the base of the tongue. Tumor is thread-marked. Subsequent sampling of the margin on the right from the alveolar ridge to the glossoalveolar groove. Margin samples are thread-marked with the thread-marked tumor preparation for frozen section. Here, tumor specimen on all sides in healthy tissue, somewhat narrow laterally. In combination with the lateral margin specimen, which shows no tumor infiltrates, then definitely R0. Careful hemostasis follows. Insertion of swabs. Now repositioning, injection of a total of 15 ml Ultracaine 1 % with adrenaline into both sides of the neck. Skin disinfection, sterile draping. Neck dissection on both sides, starting with the right side: skin incision in typical manner. Exposure of the sternocleidomastoid process. Preservation of the external jugular vein. Exposure of the anterior edge of the muscle and dissection of the lymph node package. Subsequent exposure of the cervical vascular sheath with the internal jugular artery, internal carotid artery, external carotid artery and outlets from the external carotid artery. Exposure of the hypoglossal nerve, vagus nerve, accessorius nerve, successive development of the neck preparation, including levels II to IV and parts of V. Subsequent careful hemostasis, irrigation of the wound and layered wound closure with insertion of a Redon drainage. Neck dissection on the left: This is performed in the same way as on the right side. Level II to IV and parts of V are also removed here. After careful hemostasis, the wound is closed in layers and a Redon drain is inserted. Subsequent tracheotomy by <CLINICIAN_NAME>: Small Kocher collar incision. Dissection of the subcutaneous tissue up to the infrahyoid musculature. In the area of the linea alba, spread it. Exposure of the thyroid isthmus. This is passed underneath, clamped off, severed and supplied with puncture ligatures. Subsequent exposure of the trachea. Entry into the trachea in the 2nd/3rd intercartilaginous space, the skin is mobilized a little beforehand. Subsequent insertion into the trachea, creation of a broadly pedicled, modified Björk flap. This is then epithelized without any problems and with little tension. A size 8 tracheal cannula was then inserted and the enoral findings were checked again. Fresh blood was visible from the nose and mouth, so the Mc Ivor blade was inserted again. No bleeding was visible transorally in the wound bed, but there was bleeding from the nasopharynx or from the nose in the presence of mucosal swelling or conchal injury, so a merocele tamponade was inserted on both sides. This can be removed the next day if the findings are normal. Overall transoral resection of a cT2 oropharyngeal carcinoma on the right. Posterior palatal arch and base of tongue essentially preserved. Flap coverage not required. Further procedure and discussion of adjuvant therapy after final histology.