After the anesthesia has been deepened by the anesthesia colleagues, the tracheoscopy is performed. The trachea is found to be normal on all sides. Intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Flexible esophagogastroscopy under visualization with constant air insufflation. Advancement of the flexible esophagoscope into the stomach. This is unremarkable on all sides. The flexible esophagoscope is then withdrawn and the esophagus is inspected. Several multiple, extensive mucosal changes without invasive signs are seen, the largest of which is approx. 35 cm from the dentate line. Demonstration of findings to <CLINICIAN_NAME>. This recommends further gastroenterological clarification. In the case of multiple findings, a sample was not taken. Systemic examination of the oral cavity, oropharynx and hypopharynx including endolarynx and piriform sinus on both sides. A cT1 central uvular carcinoma was found. Secondary findings: Multiple vallecula cysts and retention cyst of the lower lip on the right. Insertion of the TE blocker. Velotractio using catheter suction. Focal inspection of the tumor on the uvula. A tumor with a diameter of 1 cm can be seen in the middle of the uvula. Epipharyngeal inspection shows no evidence of cranial extension of the tumor. Therefore, decision to perform an excisional biopsy, together with <CLINICIAN_NAME> in alternation. Cut through the tissue with a safety margin from anterior to posterior in an oblique direction. Complete removal of the uvula using an electric needle with a safety distance of at least 1 cm. The suture is then marked. The tissue is sent for final histology. Hemostasis using a bipolar. Relaxation of the oral retractor. Re-inspection of the surgical site. Blood dryness is seen here. Then discussion with <CLINICIAN_NAME> about the retention cyst on the lower lip. The finding is not oncologically relevant, therefore no further measures. Conclusion: Excision biopsy of a cT1 uvula carcinoma in the center. Waiting for the final histology and case discussion in our tumor conference.