Pharyngoscopy is performed first: A rather superficial, exulcerated mass is seen, which completely occupies the anterior palatal arch and widens slightly towards the soft palate. It then spreads a few mm over the tonsillar lobe and the glossotonsillar groove to the base of the tongue and towards the posterior border of the tongue. The posterior palatal arch is also partially affected and laterally the tumor extends almost to the retromolar region. The tumor is now resected with the electric needle at a distance of approx. 1 cm so that the anterior palatal arch is completely resected and the anterior side of the posterior palatal floor is also resected at the mucosal level. The uvula and the posterior side of the posterior palatal arch can be left in place. Laterally, the resection extends to the retromolar region. In the deep region, both the constrictor pharyngis muscle and part of the palatal musculature can be preserved. For this reason, good swallowing function is expected here after demonstration of the findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME> and reconstruction is dispensed with. Further caudally, the resection now includes the posterior part of the floor of the mouth and the edge of the tongue and then the resection is connected to the lateral oropharynx via the base of the tongue. Care is taken to ensure that sufficient distance to the tumor is maintained in the area of the deep tonsil lobe. Intermediate hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. An arterial vessel is stitched with 3.0 Vicryl RB1 suture. At the end, flushing with hydrogen and Ringer and renewed hemostasis. The frozen section examination reveals suspected mild dysplasia at the cranial edge of the palatal arch and CIS in the area of the anterior edge of the tongue. For this reason, a larger resection in the area of the tongue margin and a smaller, relatively superficial marginal resection in the area of the palatal floor are removed. Both are sent for frozen section diagnostics and are found to be free of tumor and dysplasia. This results in an R0 resection of a cT2 cN0 oropharyngeal carcinoma of the tonsillar lobe, the palatal arches and the base of the tongue. The patient is admitted to the intensive care unit tracheotomized for monitoring and is to receive a further 3 days of antibiotics. The tracheostomy should be removed one week postoperatively after the swallowing attempt. The patient should not be fed transorally for one week. <CLINICIAN_NAME> - Neck dissection on both sides: repositioning of the patient to perform a neck dissection on the right side. Creation of a curved incision along the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle on the right. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the accessorius nerve, the digastric muscle and the omohyoid muscle. Dissection along the internal jugular vein. Exposure of the nervus magnus and the arteria carotis communis. Deposition of the posterior neck preparation first in region II b on the mastoid. Dissect caudally and remove the posterior neck specimen while protecting the branches of the cervical plexus. Subsequent removal of the anterior neck preparation while protecting the cervical plexus. Creation of a Redon drainage, two-layer wound closure and repositioning of the patient to perform a neck dissection on the left side. Creation of a curved incision along the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Separation of the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the accessorius nerve, the digastric muscle and the omohyoid muscle. Dissection along the internal jugular vein. Exposure of the nervus magnus and the arteria carotis communis. Removal of the posterior neck preparation with start of preparation in region II b. Dissection caudally. Protection of the plexus branches. Hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Subsequent removal of the anterior neck preparation along the vessels. Then along the capsule of the submandibular gland to the omohyoid muscle anteriorly and caudally. Placement of a 10-gauge drainage. Two-layer wound closure and completion of the neck dissection on the left side. Subsequent decision to perform a tracheotomy: creation of an approx. 3 cm long incision just below the level of the cricoid cartilage. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue. Exposure of the pharyngeal musculature. Push them to the side. Exposure of the thyroid gland. Exposure of the upper and lower margins of the thyroid isthmus. Undermining and, after careful bipolar coagulation, severing of the thyroid isthmus. Exposure of the anterior wall of the trachea. Creation of an incision between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal cartilage clasps. Adaptation of the cartilage braces to the skin in the sense of a visor tracheotomy. Skin suture. Saturation of the patient and intubation and insertion of a size 8 Rügheim cannula. Completion of the procedure without complications.