Introductory consultation with the anesthesiologist. Laryngoscopic adjustment of the glottic plane. The 0° view reveals a normal glottis with an inconspicuous subglottis and trachea up to the main bronchi. The patient is then intubated by the surgeon without any problems. Repositioning of the patient for flexible esophagogastroscopy: Here, the flexible instrument is inserted into the esophagus without any problems. Mirroring under visualization into the stomach, where a regular fold relief is visible. After aspiration of the insufflated air, the patient is reflected back and the esophageal mucosa is inspected, which is also inconspicuous throughout the procedure. Repositioning of the patient for inspection of the oral cavity: regular inconspicuous conditions here. Insertion of the size C small bore tube and inspection of the oropharynx, hypopharynx and larynx: An exophytic mass is seen in the area of the left tonsil, which is significantly larger than the right one. The tonsil itself is mobile and can be easily moved over the base. The other areas of the hypopharynx and larynx are non-irritant and unremarkable. Insertion of the mouth retractor and re-inspection of the left tonsil. This shows central exophytic changes. Then mucosal incision close to the uvula and sharp dissection of the anterior and posterior palatal arch. Exposure of the upper pole vessels. The capsule appears to respect the upper tonsil pole. No evidence of tumor infiltration. Therefore, coagulation and transection of the upper pole vessels and release of the tonsil from the upper pole caudally. Here, too, there is no evidence of capsular overgrowth. The tonsil is detached from the pharyngeal wall in the sense of a dissection technique. In the caudal region, the capsule appears to be penetrated by the tumor and to grow infiltrating into the pharyngeal wall. Therefore, dissection in the depth of the pharyngeal wall down to the musculature. Dissection is performed up to the caudal pole, where the tonsil is deposited after coagulation of the lower pole vessels with a portion of the tongue base tonsil. In the area of the caudal end of the tonsil, where the capsule appeared to have been exceeded by the tumor, the pharyngeal muscles are resected and a marginal sample is taken. The marginal sample is sent separately for histopathological examination. A mucosoplasty is performed. Intensive bleeding control. Completion of the procedure if the wound is dry. Final consultation with the anesthetist. Further procedure depending on the histopathological result.