After induction and deepening of the anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues, perform a rigid tracheoscopy under laryngoscopic control. Easy screening. The trachea is clear and inconspicuous up to the carina, as is the endolarynx including the subglottic region. Problem-free intubation by the surgeon and positioning of the patient. First, flexible esophagogastroscopy was carried out: the gastroscope was inserted under laryngoscopic control. Easy visualization of the stomach. This is inconspicuous and clear. Inspection of the oesophagus on reflection. Here there are ubiquitous small roundish, slightly papillomatous raised changes without suspicious conditions. No further measures required. Otherwise, the esophageal mucosa is free of irritation. Now enter with the small bore tube after inspection of the inconspicuous oral vestibule under dental protection. Inspection of the oral cavity. On the right side, in the area of the middle and transition to the posterior third of the right edge of the tongue, there is an exophytic, slightly exulcerated mass, easily delimited by palpation, approx. 2.5 cm in diameter with an estimated palpatory penetration depth of approx. ˝ cm. On the surface, there are whitish mucosal changes in the area surrounding the tumor, which are not primarily suspicious. The lateral floor of the mouth and the glossotonsillar groove are clear. On further examination, however, there is a circumscribed tear in the right glossotonsillar groove. In dry conditions, no further action is required here. The rest of the tongue is palpatorily and macroscopically free, as are the soft palate, the tonsil region and the base of the tongue. Inspection of the vallecula. A cystic change measuring approx. 1 cm on the median right side is seen here, macroscopically corresponding to a vallecula cyst. This is removed in toto with a double spoon and scissors in the sense of an excisional biopsy. Careful hemostasis using a suprarenal swab and no further measures in dry conditions. The epiglottis is clear. Inspection of the hypopharynx, which can be easily inserted into the tips of the piriform sinus and the esophageal opening and is clear. Adjustment of the endolarynx. Confirmation of inconspicuous findings with a normal glottic plane and inconspicuous supraglottic region. Transoral resection is now performed if the carcinoma is externally confirmed. The open mouth retractor is inserted for this purpose. Snare the free edge of the tongue. Cut around the lesion with a safety margin of approx. 1.5 cm. Also select a macroscopic safety margin of 1.5 cm in depth. Careful preparation with bipolar coagulation and monopolar dissection. The resectate is thread-marked for urgent definitive histology. Due to the whitish, leaking mucosal changes, a covering final margin sample is taken in the area of the free edge of the tongue and the floor of the mouth, which is also thread-marked for urgent histology. Macroscopically wide in sano resection. Meticulous hemostasis. Then adaptation of the wound edges with 3.0 Vicryl if there is a clear defect. Finally, intact conditions and with dry enoral conditions and slender tongue, completion of the procedure without any indication of complications. Conclusion: Macroscopic in sano resection of a cT2 tongue margin carcinoma on the right. If the R0 situation is confirmed histologically, a neck dissection should be performed depending on the histology; in the case of G1 differentiation, a neck dissection may not be necessary, depending on ............, otherwise a selective neck dissection on the right should be performed from an infiltration depth of 4 mm.