After intubation, initial inspection of the tumor by microlaryngoscopy: It is apparent that the right vocal fold has been consumed by the tumor and that this process extends to the anterior commissure. As confirmed by loupe laryngoscopy, the function of this is also restricted. Furthermore, it can be seen that the tumor extends from the dorsal end of the right vocal fold cranially, i.e. supraglottically, towards the arytenoid hump, which has become distended and edematous. The pocket fold on the right side is raised but not indurated. The left-sided glottis is free. Subglottic also free. Otherwise, no noticeable tumor growth postcricoidally or in either piriform sinus. Now start with the laser resection: Adjustment of the tumor, first of all of the anterior commissure with the Kleinsasser B-tube and cutting around the anterior commissure, starting at the very anterior left vocal fold margin, then transfer to the anterior commissure through Broyl's tendon and detachment of the right tumorous vocal fold from the anterior commissure and from the subglottic slope. Now reposition and enter with the spread laryngoscope and then remove the right-sided pocket fold in order to obtain a view. It turns out that this is a good idea, as the tumor continues to move in the direction of the morgue sinus. The tumor is now sharply incised with the laser beam at a power of initially 5 and later 7 watts. The tumor is removed in toto, continuing from the loosened anterior commissure to the dorsal side. Now remove the tumor portion of the right vocal fold in toto and remove it. The right arytenoid area and right supraglottis are then repositioned. The tumor is then first resected macroscopically far into the healthy tissue using a laser beam. The vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage is resected. Subsequent inspection. It becomes apparent that there are still clinical tumor remnants in the area of the arytenoid cartilage, so that the arytenoid cartilage is now resected with the laser beam. Now clinical absence of tumor and hemostasis with the monopolar and by means of supratupfer. Marginal samples were taken from the anterior commissure, from the right former pocket fold and from the right subglottic plane, also from the former right glottic area and from the right arytenoid area. In the course of the operation, these marginal samples were all found to be tumor-free in the frozen section, but it should be noted that no epithelium was visible in the frozen section in the area of the right glottis and the right supraglottis. Intermediate demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME> and <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Now repositioning for neck dissection, first on the right: injection of 10 ml xylocaine with added adrenaline in the area of the front edge of the sternocleidomastoid on the right after abjoding. Followed by a curved skin incision, cutting through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Expose the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, the accessorius nerve, the internal jugular vein and the vagus nerve after cutting through the omohyoid muscle. The posterior neck preparation is then detached from the plexus branches and removed after release from the upper accessorius triangle. The accessorius nerve is preserved. Now complete the anterior neck, including resection of the capsule of the submandibular gland and exposure of the hypoglossal nerve. The vagus nerve and the common carotid artery remain untouched. Then hemostasis with bipolar forceps, hydrogen and Ringer irrigation. Insertion of a 10-gauge Redon drain and two-layer wound closure. Repositioning for neck dissection on the left side: Here also instillation of 10 ml xylocaine with adrenaline and curved skin incision in the area of the anterior edge of the sternocleidomastoid. Exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid, the accessorius nerve, the digaster muscle, the omohyoid muscle, the internal jugular vein, the vagus nerve and the common carotid artery. Removal of the posterior neck preparation while sparing the plexus branches. Bipolar hemostasis. Completion of the anterior neck dissection, including the submandibular gland capsule and exposure of the hypoglossal nerve. The superior thyroid vein is ligated. Now repeat the inspection. The accessorius nerve is also preserved here without any problems. Now hemostasis again, hydrogen and Ringer irrigation and, after renewed hemostasis, insertion of a 10-gauge Redon drain. Two-layer wound closure here too. Now tracheostomy in the usual manner. Modified Kocher collar incision, separation of the platysma, the subcutaneous tissue and the prelaryngeal musculature. Exposure of the cricoid cartilage and undermining of the thyroid gland, transection of the isthmus and insertion between the 2nd and 3rd tracheal cartilage. Creation of a Björk flap and an epithelialized tracheostoma without complications. Insertion of an 8-gauge cannula and completion of the procedure without complications. Both the tumor specimens and the cervical lymph node specimens are sent for histological examination.