After bringing the patient into the operating room, active patient identification and then team time-out. After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesiology colleagues, tracheoscopy is performed with the rigid 0° scope; there are no signs of bifurcation. Careful removal of the instrument. The patient is then intubated transnasally by the surgeon and the anesthesia is deepened by the anesthesia colleagues. Start of flexible esophagogastroscopy. Insertion of the mouth guard after head reclination. The esophageal entrance can be easily visualized. Advance under insufflation and control of the flexible esophageal body up to the stomach. The gastric mucosa is unremarkable, no evidence of stenosis, ............... or inflammation. Peristalsis normal. Retrograde inspection of the cardia, where complete closure of the lower esophageal sphincter can also be seen. Subsequently, after desufflation, careful advancement of the flexible esophagoscope and continuous inspection of the esophageal mucosa. No abnormalities can be seen up to the upper sphincter. Then remove the flexible esophagogastroscope. Transition to rigid hypopharyngoscopy. The piriform sinus, postcricoid region, base of tongue, vallecula and supraglottis can be visualized inconspicuously. Subsequent palpatory inspection of the oral cavity as well as the oropharynx/hypopharynx without resistance. Remove all instruments and swabs. Removal of the mouth guard. Finally, the tumor is visualized in the area of the edge of the tongue on the right side. Careful placement of the mouth retractor. Grasp the tip of the tongue with a suture. The tumor is completely excised using an electric knife and repeated hemostasis. To secure the excision, cranial and caudal marginal incisions are made. Careful hemostasis, aspiration of residual blood and saliva. Removal of all instruments and swabs, removal of the oral retractor. Histology sent to pathology. Conclusion: Panendoscopy with tumor resection of the oral cavity (right edge of tongue) without complications. Awaiting histology, patient presentation if necessary and planning of further treatment. Soft food, intensive mouth rinsing and oral hygiene recommended for the next 3 to 4 days. Adequate analgesia.