After appropriate preparation, first adjust the glottic plane with the Kleinsasser B-tube. This works well despite the pronounced ankylosing spondylitis. Inspection of the glottis reveals the tumor located in the anterior region of the left vocal fold. This does not quite reach backwards to the vocal process. Ventrally, it already reaches the anterior commissure, but is still easily accessible transorally. Laser resection then begins with the CO2 laser at 4 watts in continuous wave mode. First, the tumor is cut approximately in the middle from medial to lateral and the dorsal part of the tumor is successively resected. This involves parts of the vocalis muscle, although the tumor does not appear to have grown particularly far into the tissue at this point. Resection extends posteriorly to the vocalis process. After removal of the dorsal part of the tumor, marginal samples are taken from the marginal areas, which are found to be free of tumor and dysplasia by frozen section pathology. Transition to resection of the anterior part of the tumor. For the sake of clarity, a narrow strip of mucosa is first resected in the supraglottis area, which extends to above the anterior commissure. This means that the lateral part of the tumor is also easily visible. Mobilizing the tumour medially, the lateral and deep parts are resected first. The anterior commissure is then included in the resection as well as the first 2 - 3 mm of the right vocal fold. The resection is performed down to the thyroid cartilage, where the tumor in the area of the anterior commissure is released and removed together with the perichondrium. The tumor is then removed from the anterior commissure, partly with a laser and partly bluntly. Finally, it can then be removed in toto with resection of the medial parts. Suture marking in the area of the anterior commissure. Here too, representative marginal samples are taken in turn and from the base of the tumor, which also prove to be free of tumor and dysplasia by frozen section pathology. Subsequently, careful hemostasis by monopolar coagulation and compression with adrenaline-containing cotton swabs until the blood is completely dry. Remove the instruments without damaging the teeth. Transfer of the patient to anesthesia. Completion of the operation. Transoral laser surgical laser resection of a T1 glottic laryngeal carcinoma on the left side in the sense of a chordectomy and inclusion of the anterior commissure. The resection margins were tumor-free on frozen section histology. Control laryngoscopy in 8 - 10 weeks.