After team time out and active patient identification, anesthesia is induced by the anesthesia colleagues. Transition to tracheoscopy: insertion with the rigid endoscope and smooth passage of the non-irritated glottis. Entry after endotracheal. Mucosal conditions are normal on all sides up to the tracheal bifurcation. Intubation is then performed by the surgeon. Positioning of the patient by the surgeon and insertion of the mouth guard. Entry with the size C small bore tube. Adjustment of the endolarynx. The mucosal conditions in the glottis and supraglottis area are inconspicuous on all sides. Adjustment of the anterior and posterior commissure. Here, too, there is no evidence of a tumor. Subsequent inspection of the piriform sinus on both sides. This is lined on both sides by smooth mucosa on all sides and can be freely unfolded up to the tip of the piriform sinus. Mucosal conditions in the area of the esophageal entrance and postcricoid are also unremarkable. Subsequent inspection of the vallecula and the base of the tongue. Here, too, there is no evidence of a tumor. Then insertion of the McIvor oral spatula and inspection of the oral cavity and epipharynx. Here the previously described tumorous mass in the area of the uvula base can be seen. This extends to the left paramedian side onto the anterior palatal arch. The suspicious mucosa also extends slightly to the paramedian right on the right side. Raise the uvula and inspect the posterior surface of the uvula. Suspicious, uneven mucosal conditions can also be seen here. These extend from the tip of the uvula beyond the base of the uvula to the posterior surface of the soft palate. Then mark the resection margins with the electric needle. A safety distance of at least 5 mm is maintained in all planes. Resection of the tumor under vision. In the area of the posterior surface of the soft palate, it can now be seen that the suspicious mucosal change extends relatively far cranially. The suspicious area is therefore resected under visualization. The tumor resectate is sent en bloc for frozen section diagnostics. A marginal sample is also taken in the area of the cranial soft palate posterior surface. This is also sent for frozen section diagnostics. As part of the frozen section diagnosis by telephone, questionable marginal carcinoma in situ in the area of the cranial resection surface of the back of the soft palate. Therefore, a representative resection specimen and 2 margin specimens were taken, some of which were sent in for definitive histology. Clinically macroscopically, a clear R0 resection is now present. Finally, esophagogastroscopy and PEG insertion are performed. Insertion of the endoscope under visualization and constant air insufflation into the stomach. This reveals a typical, inconspicuous gastric mucosal relief on all sides. Entering in inversion. Inspection of the gastroesophageal junction. This also appears normal and without irritation. The PEG is then inserted in the typical manner using the thread pull-through method and positive diaphanoscopy. At the end of the operation, final inspection of the enoral resection area. Repeated meticulous hemostasis using bipolar coagulation. Intraoperative demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Completion of the operation without complications. Conclusion: Clinical macroscopic R0 resection of a cT1 cN1 uvular carcinoma. Should velopharyngeal insufficiency occur postoperatively, defect coverage using a radial flap would have to be discussed with the neck dissection still pending.