Induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues and intubation of the patient after tracheoscopy by the surgeon. First rigid laryngo/pharyngo/hypopharyngoscopy and inspection of the oral cavity. Right and left piriform sinuses are unremarkable. The trachea, glottis and supraglottis are also unremarkable. Inspection of the oral cavity and palpation. The base of the tongue is unremarkable on palpation and inspection. Localization of the tumor described above. Extension caudal to the lower tonsillar pole without transition to the mandible, cranial to the upper tonsillar pole to the parauvular left, lateral and basal palpation shows a slight infiltration of the neck muscles. Insertion of the McIvor oral spatula and addition of <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Mucosal marking and incision with the electric needle of the entire tumor resectate. Locate the tonsil and tumor capsule and further dissect laterally, taking healthy tissue and muscles with you. Further dissection of the tonsil and removal of the lower tonsil pole after bipolar coagulation with a macroscopic safety margin of approx. 7 mm. Now further dissection latero-medially and careful placement of the tonsil at the upper pole after bipolar coagulation parauvularly. Here the narrowest point is macroscopically visible with a distance of 3 to 4 mm. After removal of the tonsil, large wound bed with partially exposed fat anterior laterally. Marginal samples were now taken from <CLINICIAN_NAME> laterally from the posterior palatal arch basally, caudally and cranially. The last marginal sample was taken parauvularly, where the resection has the smallest safety margin. Subsequently, hemostasis was performed again. Now turn to flexible esophagogastroscopy. Careful advancement under constant air insufflation into the stomach. No tumor or other suspicious change was found. After partial gastric resection, a very small residual stomach was found in terms of volume. After consulting <CLINICIAN_NAME> and in the case of an unclear diaphanoscopy, a PEG was deliberately omitted. According to <CLINICIAN_NAME>, a PEG or PEJ insertion must be carried out after internal assessment. Here insertion of a nasogastric tube. The patient must remain fasting for 5 days. Termination of the procedure. Conclusion: Enoral tonsil tumor resection for cT1-2 cN2c tonsillar carcinoma of the left side. If partial gastric resection has been performed and diaphanoscopy is unclear, PEG placement is dispensed with. PEG or PEJ placement after internal assessment. The resection was performed macroscopically in healthy tissue. In the case of R0 resection, a neck dissection should be planned on both sides, possibly with a tracheostomy. In an R1 situation, the resection must be planned immediately with flap coverage.