First induction of anesthesia. Transoral endotracheal intubation by the anesthetist. Positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Laryngoscopy and microlaryngoscopy are performed. This shows an uneven mucosal change, clearly growing in depth, which infiltrates the right vocal fold from posterior to anterior (and caudally in its subglottic slope) and then passes over the anterior commissure to the left side. Due to the clear deep infiltration of the anterior commissure and after demonstration of the findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME>, the decision was made to perform a transcervical partial laryngectomy. Removal of the Kleinsasser C-tube and subsequent skin spray disinfection. Application of local anesthesia in a skin fold at the level of the thyroid cartilage. Ablate the skin and cover sterilely. Creation of a skin incision approx. 5 cm long. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Creation of a subplatysmal flap up to the thyroid incisura cranially and below the cricoid cartilage caudally. Exposure and ligation of the anterior jugular vein. Exposure and transection of the prelaryngeal muscles in the midline. Exposure of the thyroid cartilage, the ligamentum conicum and the cricoid cartilage. Scalpel incision of the perichondrium of the thyroid cartilage. Formation of two laterally pedicled perichondrium lobes. Cutting of the conic ligament. Paramedian thyrotomy on the left using a wheel and entering the laryngeal lumen. Checking the findings from the cranial and caudal side using 30° optics. Subsequent insertion subperichondrally on the right side. Inclusion in the preparation of the inner perichondrium of the thyroid cartilage. Inclusion in the preparation of a part of the sinus morgagni and the subglottic slope of the right vocal fold in order to create a large safety margin. Posteriorly, the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage is removed together with the preparation. The anterior third of the left vocal fold is then included in the preparation. Removal of marginal samples (right subglottis, right supraglottis, right arytenoid cartilage, right base of the wound, left anterior vocal fold), which are found to be free of tumor and dysplasia by the pathology colleagues. Hemostasis in the area of the tumor resection using bipolar coagulation. Drilling of four holes using a Lindemann reamer on the thyroid cartilage and fitting of a size 16 Keel prosthesis. Suture adaptation of the conic ligament. Creation of a flap. Suture adaptation of the prelaryngeal musculature in the midline. Platysma suture. Single-button skin suture, application of a pressure bandage. Completion of the procedure without complications. Placement of a nasogastric feeding tube through which the patient is to be fed for the next 5 days. Control MLE and, depending on the findings, removal of the cone planned in 6 weeks.