After induction of anaesthesia by the anaesthetist, a rigid tracheobronchoscopy is performed: here, the mucous membrane and anatomical conditions in the area of the larynx and trachea are inconspicuous. Then intubation by the surgeon and head positioning. Insertion of the gastroscope under constant air insufflation into the stomach. Inspection of the stomach. The mucosa is found to be free of irritation. Withdrawal of the esophagoscope with constant air insufflation and inspection of the esophagus. Inconspicuous linea serrata at the esophagogastric junction and inconspicuous mucosal conditions up to the esophageal entrance. Removal of the gastroscope. Insertion of the size B small bore tube. Inspection of the base of the tongue, vallecula and both tonsils revealed unremarkable anatomical conditions. Advancement of the small bore tube to the right piriform sinus and via the retrocricoidal area into the left piriform sinus. The mucosal conditions here are also unremarkable. Inspection of the endolarynx: No evidence of a suspicious mass. Removal of the small drainage tube while preserving the mucosa. Insertion of the Jennings mouth retractor. Inspection of the oral vestibule and oral cavity: An oval, broad-based, verrucous, exophytic, rough mass measuring 4.5 x 3.5 cm was found on the edge and undersurface of the tongue, starting on the right from the tip of the tongue to the second premolar tooth. On palpation, the mass grew minimally into the tongue musculature. After consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME>, a decision is made to perform a trial excision. A trial excision is made at a distance of 0.3 mm from the edge of the tumor. Targeted bipolar coagulation of the irradiating blood vessels. Further dissection caudally until the lingual nerve is identified. The lingual nerve extends into the mass, making transection necessary. Further gentle conditions in the area of the sublingual curcule and preservation of the Wharton's duct. After resection, demonstration on <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Decision on primary wound closure. A circular marginal sample 0.3 mm wide is taken, marked and sent for histological analysis. Another thin sample was taken from the tip of the tongue. Primary defect closure. Positioning of the patient for gross needle puncture: sterile washing and covering of the surgical site. Preparation of the gross needle puncture set. Identification of the largest nodule in the right lobe of the thyroid gland. Incision of the skin through <CLINICIAN_NAME>. A coarse needle puncture (4x) of the largest nodule, cranial pole of the right thyroid lobe is performed under ultrasound guidance. Hemostasis by means of short-lasting compression and wound dressing. The surgical procedure was completed without complications. Conclusion: A trial excision of the broad-based, verrucous, exophytically growing tumor at the base of the tongue/under the tongue on the right is performed. Primary closure of the defect with preservation of the Wharton's duct. Gross needle aspiration of the largest nodule in the cranial pole of the right scabrous gland. Further procedure after receipt of the histology. Postoperative antibiotic treatment with Unacid 3x3 g and Clont 3x 500 mg should be continued for the next three days. Soft food, analgesics if required.