Transferring the patient to the operating theater. Carrying out the team time-out and preliminary consultation with the anesthesia colleagues. Induction of intubation anesthesia and intubation with a laser tube. Tube fixation in the left corner of the mouth. Head positioning in a slight reclining position by the surgeon. Entry into the larynx with the size D Kleinsasser tube and adjustment of the findings. There is an exophytic mass in the area of the anterior right vocal fold, which does not extend into the anterior commissure as described above, but ends 2 mm in front of it. Covering the patient with moist drapes and instillation of the CO2 laser. Successive laser resection of the findings with sufficient safety distance using 5 watts in continuous wave mode. The tumor can be held medially with the little tongue. The tumor extends approx. 2-3 mm below the free edge of the vocal fold. Dissection anteriorly down to the perichondrium of the thyroid cartilage. There is no evidence of infiltration of the anterior commissure, and certainly not of the left side of the vocal fold. Collection of 4 marginal samples (1: anterior commissure, 2: subglottic margin, 3: lateral margin of the vocal fold and 4: posterior margin) and submission of the samples for frozen section histopathological assessment. After feedback from the pathology colleagues, there was evidence of high-grade dysplasia in the area of the anterior and posterior commissure. Differential diagnostic artifacts due to the laser resection. After a detailed discussion of the findings, the colleagues could not decide whether it was an artifact or dysplasia. Therefore, in consultation with <CLINICIAN_NAME> and <CLINICIAN_NAME>, the decision was made to obtain 2 further marginal samples in the anterior and posterior commissure area and send them for final histopathological assessment. The operation was completed without complications and the surgical site was dry. Summary: Laser resection of a cT1a vocal fold carcinoma on the right side. Please note the final histopathological assessment and case presentation in our interdisciplinary tumor conference. A follow-up MLE should always be performed within 8 weeks.