After induction of anesthesia by the anesthesiology colleagues, first rigid tracheoscopy. The trachea is free of irritation up to the tracheal bifurcation. Subsequently intubation by the anesthesia colleagues and transition to flexible esophagoscopy. Under constant air insufgflation, pre-scopy up to the stomach, the mucosa is free of irritation even with inversion, no ulcer, no bleeding. Then aspirate the air from the stomach and carefully mirror back. No abnormalities in the esophagus. Subsequent low head position and mircolaryngoscopy. The vocal folds and anterior commissure are smooth and without irritation, as are the arytenoid cartilage and postcricoid region. The piriform sinus and vallecula are freely unfoldable, no mass. Tonsils and base of trachea also without irritation and free to palpate. Subsequent addition of <CLINICIAN_NAME>. Snaring of the tongue and insertion of a covered mouth guard. A whitish mucosa with extensions and palpatory hardening, approx. 2x0.5 cm in size, is visible on the left edge of the tongue in the posterior third. The mucosa appears to be easily displaceable against the muscle. The area was then resected with an electric needle, suture marking at ant/post and superior. The mass was completely removed by palpation and inspection. The specimen is thread-marked and sent for frozen section examination. This revealed higher grade dysplastic cells in the superior margin up to 0.1 cm from the resection margin, which is why a further resection was performed here, which was then sent for final histology. Subsequent meticulous hemostasis using bipolar coagulation and adaptive sutures with Vicryl 4-0. Removal of the mouth retractor, removal of the tongue loop, dental status as preoperative. Conclusion: the patient underwent an excision biopsy for cT1 cN0 tongue margin carcinoma with alio loco confirmed squamous cell carcinoma at the left tongue margin. The frozen section resulted in a complete resection; in the case of higher grade dysplasia in the superior margin, a further resection was performed. Please note final histology and presentation TuKo.