Intraoperatively, before intubation, positioning of the laryngeal entrance with the laryngoscope. Entering with the 0 degree optics and endoscopy of the larynx and trachea. This is inconspicuous. The visible main bronchi are clear. After intubation, perform a microlaryngoscopy: adjust the small bore tube. Vocal folds, anterior/posterior commissure, supraglottic region inconspicuous. Pharyngoscopy: piriform sinus on both sides, postcricoid region, posterior pharyngeal wall, lateral pharyngeal walls and esophageal entrance clear. Finally, a flexible esophagoscopy was performed: the esophagoscope was easily advanced into the stomach. Inconspicuous conditions there. No evidence of a second tumor on retraction. Now adjusting the tonsil barring device. An exophytically growing tumor can be seen in the area of the right tonsil, which also extends anteriorly towards the base and edge of the tongue. Grasp the right tonsil with the grasping forceps and begin dissection at the cranial margin with scissors and monopolar coagulation. Dissection in the healthy tissue behind the tonsil. The posterior palatal arch is preserved. Further preparation towards the alveolar ridge and anteriorly towards the tongue. Part of the base of the tongue and the tongue are included. Sharp dissection here with monopolar coagulation. Finally, the tumor with the tonsil and parts of the tongue and the base of the tongue are completely incised and extirpated in toto. Circular margin samples are taken and sent for frozen section. These are found to be tumor-free. Overall, an R0 situation can be assumed for a cT2 tonsil/oropharyngeal carcinoma. After resection of the tumor, it can be seen that large parts of the submandibular gland are exposed. Individual injecting vessels were previously bipolarly coagulated and are now clipped again. Application of TachoSil. Consultation of <CLINICIAN_NAME>. It is decided not to perform a neck dissection at this time. This must be performed in 14 days after the wound has started to heal. The submandibular gland must be preserved for coverage. In addition, individual vascular stumps are treated with clips. The patient is transferred to the intensive care unit for postoperative monitoring and should remain there over the weekend. In the event of post-operative bleeding, tamponade directly in the tonsil lumen. This should be clinically feasible.