First induction of anaesthesia and intubation of the patient by the anaesthesia colleagues, then attention to the esophagogastroscopy with the flexible esophagogastroscope. Entering the stomach. The gastric mucosa up to the pylorus and with inversion including the cardia is non-irritating and inconspicuous. Careful retraction of the flexible esophagogastroscope under constant air insufflation, here too the mucosa is free of irritation on all sides throughout the esophagus. Insertion of a dental guard for the upper teeth and insertion with the Kleinsasser B-tube. The patient's jaw is slightly clamped, making it difficult to adjust overall. Otherwise, the mucosa in the oral cavity and oropharynx is free of irritation, the posterior pharyngeal wall, the base of the tongue, the tonsilloliths, the epiglottis, the vallecula and the lateral walls of the oropharynx with the glossotonsillar grooves are unremarkable on both sides. Even with further advancement of the small siphon tube, the mucosal conditions in the entire hypopharynx are inconspicuous, the piriform sinuses and the esophageal entrance can be freely unfolded and the postcricoid area is also inconspicuous, as are the interary area and the arytenoid cartilage. The glottis itself is difficult to adjust due to the jaw clamp and the teeth. As there are no further symptoms of discomfort or suspicion of a suspicious mass, no further measures are taken to avoid loosening the dentition. Now insertion of a McIvor mouth blocker and insertion of the velotractio on both sides. Inspection of the nasopharynx with a small mirror; the mucosal conditions are inconspicuous, the posterior edge of the vomer and the choanae and tubular bulges are visible. Removal of the mouth guard and velotractio and re-inspection and palpation of the oral cavity. A leukoplakia measuring approximately 1 ˝ cm x 7 mm can be seen in the area of the right posterior border of the tongue, which can be palpated with clear induration. The mass is excised with a scalpel and scissors and sent for histology with a suture marker. Finally, the bleeding is stopped. There is quite a lot of bleeding here, possibly from an arterial vessel. This is punctured several times, the lingual nerve is not visible macroscopically. Final hemostasis with the bipolar and, due to the gaping wound and the fairly heavy bleeding, the decision to suture the defect primarily using several back-stitch sutures. Once the bleeding had stopped completely and the wound edges had adapted, the operation was terminated. Further procedure after receipt of the final histology.