After induction and intubation by the anesthesia colleagues, the Kleinsasser tube is inserted under dental protection after inspection of the inconspicuous oral vestibule. The oral cavity and pharynx are then inspected and found to be normal. Adjustment of the endolarynx with the aid of the surgical microscope. An exophytic, partially ulcerated tumor is seen in the area of the glottis on the right, which grows almost along the entire length of the vocal fold on the right side, the anterior commissure is free. Adherence in the area of the posterior commissure towards Ary, but without further signs of infiltration here. The tumor grows clearly laterally, infiltrates and partially consumes the pocket fold. The ventriculus laryngis is used up. However, the tumor can still be displaced over the fold of the larynx by palpation. Demonstration of findings on <CLINICIAN_NAME> and confirmation of the primary surgical procedure. Resection is now performed with the 2-5 Watt laser. Inclusion of the pocket fold, which is almost completely resected, allowing the tumor, which clearly infiltrates the ventriculis laryngis in depth, to be resected in sano. Subtotal resection of the paralaryngeal musculature. Finally, healthy conditions on all sides in depth. Separation in the area of the anterior commissure, leaving a minimal residual vocal fold anteriorly on the right. Dorsal resection including the vocal process. The tumor is attached to the vocal process. However, complete mobilization and exclusion of further arytenoid infiltration by resection of the processus. Removal of the tumor in toto. Careful hemostasis. Subsequent representative marginal sampling in all planes, especially in the paraglottic direction and in the area of the arytenoid. All marginal samples are free of dysplasia and tumors in the frozen section diagnostics, so that an R0 situation can be assumed here. Final inspection and with absolutely dry and slim glottic conditions, the procedure was completed without any indication of complications. Conclusion: Intraoperatively R0 resected cT2 glottic carcinoma on the right. After receiving the definitive histology, discussion of the adjuvant therapy options, also with regard to the extension with infiltration of the pocket fold, in our interdisciplinary tumor conference and if no further measures are taken, a control microlaryngoscopy should be performed in approx. 8 weeks.