Induction of anesthesia by the anesthesia colleagues. Subsequent insertion of the Kleinsasser D-tube and adjustment of the endolarynx. The right vocal fold up to the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage is covered by a rough mucous membrane. This leaves the glottis and infiltrates the right side of the morgue sinus and the undersurface of the pouch fold. The restless mucosa ends purely macroscopically in the anterior commissure or slightly to the left of it. The restless mucosa lies against the cartilage but does not appear to infiltrate it. On the left side, the restless mucosa does not so much extend to the glottis as to the subglottis. On the right side, the subglottis is free. Due to the poor adjustability, decision to perform a partial laryngectomy from the outside. Positioning of the patient. Injection of 6 ml local anesthetic with added adrenaline in the prelaryngeal area of the planned incision. Abjode and cover. Zigzag-shaped skin incision with horizontal skin tension lines. Preparation on the larynx. Separation of the prelaryngeal musculature in the linea alba. Incision of the perichondrium and pushing off with the Freer. Opening of the larynx through the thyrofissure in the median line using a circular saw. Dissect the larynx and inspect the tumor. This appears as described above. Start on the non-tumor-bearing left side. Separation of the vocal fold and the supraglottis with sufficient safety distance from the tumor. Also removal of the subglottic area. Push the soft tissue away from the thyroid cartilage using a raspatorium. Move to the opposite side after incision of the cricothyroid membrane. Here, too, incision of the tumor, cranial horizontal incision in the upper part of the pocket fold up to the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage, which is exposed at the end of the operation. Resection of the right vocal fold, subglottic resection with sufficient safety margin. Also here, removal of the thyroid cartilage and retrieval of the complete tumor specimen. Finally, marginal samples are taken supraglottically from the wound bed and subglottically, all of which are found to be tumor-free in the frozen section. As far as possible, a Kleinsasser mucosal flap is sutured to the still existing soft tissue on the right side. The patient receives 2 g ceftriaxone during the operation. Closure of the ligamentum conicum with 3.0 Vicryl sutures. In addition, connection to the inferior edge of the thyroid cartilage, after creation of suture-absorbing holes with the Lindemann reamer. Insertion of a 16 mm Keel and drilling of corresponding holes in the thyroid cartilage. Readaptation, with insertion of the Keel and closure of the thyrofissure. Readaptation of the periochondrium as far as possible and adaptation of the overlying musculature. Subcutaneous suture, with reconstruction of the intended skin incision. Skin suture with 6.0 Prolene. Prior to this, insertion of a flap to prevent air emphysema. Dressing applied. Completion of the procedure without any indication of complications. Conclusion: R0-resected cT2 glottic carcinoma on both sides, right-sided. Please continue Ceftriaxone for the entire duration of hospitalization.