After active patient identification, the patient is brought into the operating theater. Carrying out the team time-out. Introductory consultation with the anesthesiologist. Induction of anesthesia. Transition to rigid tracheoscopy. Adjustment of the glottis and passing through it using the 0° optics. The mucosal conditions are unremarkable on all sides up to the exit of the segmental bronchi. The patient is then intubated by the surgeon. Transition to esophagogastroscopy. Insertion of the flexible endoscope under visualization and constant air insufflation into the stomach. This reveals a typical gastric mucosal relief without irritation on all sides. Inversion and inspection of the gastroesophageal junction. This appears unremarkable. After desufflation, slow withdrawal of the endoscope with circular inspection of all sections of the esophagus. There is no evidence of a tumor here. Remove the flexible endoscope. Insertion of the mouth guard. Prior to this, the patient is positioned in head reclination. Enter with the size C small bore tube. Adjustment of the endolarynx. This appears unremarkable. Inspection of the hypopharynx on both sides. Here the piriform sinus is lined with smooth mucosa on all sides up to the tip and can be freely unfolded. Subsequent inspection of the oropharynx. A somewhat uneven mucosa can be seen in the area of the right-sided base of the tongue. This is also biopsied. Primarily no urgent malignant findings. Otherwise unremarkable mucosal conditions in the area of the oropharynx. Inspection of the edge of the tongue on the left side. This shows the partially ulcerated lesion described above in the area of the middle third of the tongue. Subsequent insertion of the Jennings mouth retractor. Snaring of the tongue. Marking of the planned resection margins using the electric needle. Circular cutting around the tumor while maintaining the necessary safety distance. The specimen is then sent in for definitive histology. Clinically macroscopically, this is an in sano resection. Only in the area of the posterior third of the resection does the mucosa still appear slightly leukoplakic. Therefore, a post-resection specimen is taken from the dorsum of the tongue to the dorsal third of the tongue and the floor of the mouth. This preparation is also thread-marked for definitive histology. Injection of carbostesin solution for postoperative analgesia. In addition, inverted suturing of the wound edges with PDS 4.0, resulting in complete readaptation of the tongue edges. Final inspection. If the wound bed is dry, the operation is completed without complications. Removal of the rein suture. Removal of the jenning. Final consultation with the anesthetist. Positioning of the patient. Completion of the operation without complications.