First induction of anesthesia and performance of tracheoscopy using 0° optics. Inconspicuous conditions in the area of the trachea up to the carina. Then transoral endotracheal intubation and positioning of the patient by the surgeon. Laryngoscopy is performed using a Kleinsasser D-tube. An exophytic, centrally ulcerated mass was found in the middle and anterior third of the right vocal fold, which had spread to the subglottic slope of the right vocal fold; the pocket fold, the morgue sinus and the anterior commissure were not affected by the tumor. Due to the poor adjustability, the indication for transcervical partial laryngectomy was confirmed. Skin spray disinfection and application of local anesthesia in a skin fold at the level of the thyroid cartilage, skin ablation and sterile draping. Make a horizontal skin incision approx. 4 cm long, cut through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Creation of a subplatysmal flap cranially, above the thyroid incisura caudally up to the level of the cricoid cartilage. Exposure of the prelaryngeal musculature. Cut through it in the midline. Exposure of the cricothyroid membrane and the ligamentum conicum. Horizontal incision of the ligamentum conicum and opening of the laryngeal lumen subglottically. Paramedian periosteal incision on the thyroid cartilage on the left. Formation of 2 perichondrium leaves laterally pedicled. Paramedian thyroidectomy on the left using a wheel and opening of the laryngeal lumen at the supraglottic level. Inspection of the findings from the cranial side and subsequent subperichondrial dissection on the right side. Inclusion of the endochondrium of the thyroid cartilage in the tumor preparation. Cut around the tumor preparation with a large safety margin supra- and subglottically. Posteriorly, the vocal process is exposed, but is spared during resection. The specimen is sent in thread-marked for final histology. Subsequently, 5 marginal samples are taken (supraglottic right, subglottic right, posterior towards the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage, wound bed, anterior commissure and anterior third of the left vocal fold). All marginal samples were found to be tumor-free by the pathology colleagues during the frozen section examination. Hemostasis in the resection area. Subsequently, 4 drill holes were made in the thyroid cartilage and, due to the lack of corresponding wound surfaces, the decision was made to close the primary thyroid cartilage using 2 Vicryl 3-0 sutures. Subsequent suture adaptation of the ligamentum conicum. Knockback of the perichondrium leaves. Creation of a prelaryngeal flap. Suture adaptation of the prelaryngeal muscles in the midline. Platysma suture. Single button skin suture. Application of a pressure bandage and completion of the procedure without complications. The patient received intraoperative single shot ceftriaxone 2 g intravenously. Voice protection is recommended for 5 days. Please organize control MLE in 6 to 8 weeks after receiving the final histology.