First, the patient is brought into the operating room and actively identified. Then induction of anesthesia and intubation by the anesthesia colleagues. Carry out the team time-out. The surgeon then positions the patient. Insertion of the Mc Ivor oral catheter. First assessment of the back surface of the oropharynx. Here, scarred conditions, partially whitish, non-wipeable mucosal changes starting paramedian on the left to almost the pharyngeal side wall on the right. In addition, an approx. 8 mm large carcinoma was found on the anterior palatal arch on the right side with a central ulcer, of which no histology was taken in the preliminary examination. This will now be completely resected. Subsequently, multiple marginal samples are taken and everything is sent for frozen section. Here the finding of a further carcinoma (the 3rd) is confirmed. Tumor-free in the frozen section. A defect of approx. 2 x 1 cm is created here. However, the posterior palatal arch is not affected. Now proceed to resection of the tongue margin carcinoma posteriorly on the right, extending to the base of the tongue. Insert the Jennings retractor for this. The tongue is then ligated and pulled out. The tumor is then palpated extensively and the borders marked with the bipolar. Gradually remove the tumor with a safety distance of 0.5 to 1 cm using the electric needle. Palpate again and again. At the end, the tumor can be completely removed. Bleeding is stopped bipolar. Now all-round and deep marginal samples. A frozen section shows that there is no tumor here either, and the Mc Ivor oral spatula is inserted again and the back surface of the oropharynx is inspected. Here, whitish mucosal conditions with scarring starting paramedian on the left and running obliquely downwards on the right. The electric needle is now passed around these, primarily creating a defect of approx. 2 x 1 cm. This is then dissected downwards on the muscle layer so that it remains intact. The prevertebral fascia is not exposed. The defect then becomes correspondingly larger due to the surface tension and reaches a size of approx. 3 x 2 cm. Between 12 and 4 o'clock, the mucosa continues to appear whitish and is therefore resected again. Due to the already large defect, no marginal samples are taken here, but the absence of tumor is determined on these 2 specimens after telephone consultation with the pathology department. Here, too, there is no tumor. Now a small mass approx. 2 x 1 mm at the cranial left tonsil pole above the tonsil is removed, also with a small safety margin. Primarily not suspicious. Final histology here. Subsequent transfer of the operation for neck dissection to <CLINICIAN_NAME>. First marking of the skin incision after skin ablation cervical right. Sterile draping. Creation of an anteriorly curved skin incision. Cut through the subcutaneous tissue and the platysma. Exposure and ligation of the various branches of the external jugular vein. Sparing of the auricularis magnus nerve. Exposure of the anterior border of the sternocleidomastoid muscle. Exposure of the omohyoid muscle, digaster muscle and accessorius nerve. Sparing of the above structures. Dissection along the internal jugular vein from caudal to cranial with exposure of the cervical vascular sheath along the entire length. In the area of region Ib and IIa, a highly suspicious mass was found, which was carefully dissected away from the internal jugular vein and removed in toto. Successive evacuation of the posterior and anterior neck specimen with removal of several conspicuous lymph nodes in regions III and IV. Repeated inspection. Dry conditions. Placement of a Redon drainage. Two-layer wound closure. Application of a pressure bandage. Completion of the procedure without complications.